
===== PAGE 1 =====
Page 1 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
  
ON THE BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER 
LEASE AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 
This Lease Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of  , but effective for 
all purposes as of July 1, 2025 (the “Effective Date”), by and between: 
 
 
BELLE REALTY OF LAFAYETTE, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, whose 
current mailing address is PO Box 62230, Lafayette, LA 70596 and being represented 
herein by its Authorized Representative, Adam Abdalla (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Lessor”); 
 
 
and 
 
 
ROBERTSON FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC, a Louisiana limite d liability company , whose 
current mailing address is 114 Constitution Drive, Lafayette, La 70503 and being represented 
herein by Alicia L. Robertson (hereinafter referred to as the “Lessee”).  
 
WITNESSETH: 
 
 
WHEREAS, Lessor is the owner of that certain real property together with improvements located thereon known 
as The Boulevard Shopping Center located in Lafayette, Lafayette Parish, Louisiana (“Boulevard Shopping Center 
Property”). 
 
WHEREAS, Lessee wishes to lease a certain portion of the Boulevard Shopping Center Property from Lessor 
according to the terms and conditions set out herein. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration  herein, the 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 
Section 1.01 – Premises: 
 
A. Lessor does hereby lease to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from Lessor the following premises, being more 
particularly described as follows: 
 
One Thousand Seven Hundred and Nine  ( 1709) square feet located in the 
Boulevard Shopping Center Property as shown on the plat attached hereto as 
Schedule A and having the dimensions set forth thereon. 
 
Said Premises has a municipal address of 1 21 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, 
Louisiana 70506. 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 2 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
 
B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including the 
building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or warranty by Lessor whatever as to 
the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition of the Premises. 
 
C. Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any purpose 
or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has inspected the Premises, 
observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with requirements  imposed by any governmental 
agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity  to 
conduct such investigation and study on and of the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy 
under this Agreement. Lessee hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics 
and existing conditions of the Premises.  Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased 
to, and accepted by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes the risk that 
its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may n ot have been revealed by its inspection or 
investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts the Premises as suitable for the 
purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, 
by said acts, waives any and all defects therein. 
 
Section 2.01 - Use: 
 
Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof solely for the operation of a full-service hair salon offering 
services such as haircuts, coloring, styling, shampooing, blow-drying, and other customary hair care services, as well 
as the incidental retail sale of hair care products and accessories directly related to the services . Lessee agrees that 
any change in the use of Premises shall require the prior written consent of the Lessor.  All operations shall be 
conducted in a manner consistent with first -class retail salon standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, 
ordinances, and regulations. 
 
The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as: 
 
i. A delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to  a Jason’s Deli or 
whose primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or more 
of said items. 
 
ii. A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats. 
 
iii. A retail boutique whose primary business is the sale of items including home goods, 
monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry. 
 
iv. A retail boutique whose primary business is the sale of items including home goods, 
monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.  
 
Section 3.01 - Term: 
 
The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 1, 2025 (“Commencement Date”) and shall expire at midnight, 
Lafayette, Louisiana time December 31, 2031  (“Initial Term”). 
 
Section 4.01 - Rent: 
 
A. Premises Base Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a monthly base rent for 

===== PAGE 3 =====
Page 3 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
the Premises, which is calculated as follows and depicted below in the column labeled “BASE”: 
 
See Schedule G  attached hereto and made a part hereof 
 
B. Additional Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as additional rent 
(“Additional Rent”), the following amounts. 
 
1. Common Area Maintenance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessee’s Pro Rata 
Portion of the Common Area (as hereinafter defined) maintenance charges (“ Common Area 
Maintenance Charges”). The Common Area Maintenance Charges shall mean the aggregate of  all 
costs and expenses  payable by Lessor  in connection with the operation and maintenance of  the 
Common Area in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including but not limited to landscaping 
costs, parking area maintenance costs (including repairing, resurfacing, cleaning and striping),  utility 
costs (including water, sewer, electricity and gas), security system costs, life and safety systems costs, 
electronic monitoring system costs, compensation (including employment taxes and benefits) of all 
persons who perform duties connected with the operation and maintenance of the Common Area and 
any other reasonable costs incurred by the Lessor with respect to the Common Area and not otherwise 
reimbursed by the Lessee hereunder. Common Area shall mean all areas, space, equipment and special 
services provided by the Lessor  for the common or joint use and benefit of the Lessee and other 
tenants, their employees, agents, servants, suppliers, customers and other invitees, including but not 
limited to retaining walls, fences, landscaped areas, parking areas, curbs, driveways, sidewalks, private 
roads, green spaces, landscape areas, patios, service areas and all common areas and other areas all as 
shown on the site plan attached hereto as Schedule B. 
 
2. Tax and Insurance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion 
of the annual charges incurred by the Lessor for taxes and insurance coverage for the Boulevard 
Shopping Center Property (“ Taxes and Insurance Charges ”). Tax charges shall include all real 
property taxes, personal property taxes, improvement bonds and other charges or assessments  which 
are levied upon or with respect to the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including any increase in 
such taxes or a reassessment of the value of the Boulevard Shopping Center  Property, license fees, or 
other taxes or fees levied in connection with the Lessor's leasing or rental of the Boulevard Shopping 
Center Property, but shall not include any federal or  state income  tax imposed upon the Lessor. 
Insurance charges shall include the cost of any insurance obtained by the Lessor in connection with the 
Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including but not limited to fire, casualty and liability insurance 
policies. 
 
3. Payment of Additional Rent. Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as Additional Rent, one twelfth 
of the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Common Area Maintenance Charges and one twelfth of the 
Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Taxes and Insurance Charges as set forth herein. 
 
The parties agree that as of the commencement date of this Agreement: 
i. the Common Area Maintenance Charges are  $2.10 per square foot of the 
Premises annually, payable monthly as provided herein; 
 
ii. the Tax Charges per square foot of the Premises annually, payable monthly as 
provided herein. The parties agree that the Insurance Charges are $0.95 per square 
foot of the Premises annually, payable monthly as provided herein; and 
 
 

===== PAGE 4 =====
Page 4 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
iii. the parties agree that the Insurance Charges are $1.95 per square foot of the 
Premises annually, payable monthly as provided herein; and 
 
4.  Total Monthly Rental Payment Amount for months one (1) through sixty-five (65) of the Initial 
Term for the Premises shall be calculated as follows:  
 
See Schedule G  attached hereto and made a part hereof 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, beginning in the second year of the Initial 
Term, Lessor may, if, in Lessor’s discretion, the same is necessary to cover an increase in Taxes and 
Insurance charges, increase the amount of the Common Area Maintenance Charges and/or Taxes and 
Insurance Charges for any calendar year thereafter by providing written notice  of the same to the 
Lessee; provided, however that any such increase shall not exceed the prior calendar year actual 
Common Area Maintenance Charges and/or Taxes and Insurance Charges by more than five percent 
(5%). 
 
5. Payment of Rent. The monthly payment of the Base Rent and Additional Rent for the Premises 
(collectively, the “Total Monthly Rental Payment ”) shall be due on the first day of each calendar  
month. The Lessor and Lessee hereby acknowledge and agree that the Lessee shall be obligated to make 
monthly Additional Rent payments beginning with the Commencement Date. 
 
In the event the Lessor does not receive the Total Monthly Rental Payment on or before the fifth day 
of the calendar month, a late fee in the fixed amount of $100.00 plus a daily charge beginning on the 
sixth day of the calendar month in the amount of $25.00 per day shall be charged and shall be due and 
payable by the Lessee for each late payment. 
 
All rental payments due hereunder shall be made to the Lessor by mailing the same to PO Box 62230, 
Lafayette, LA 70596 or such other place, as the Lessor shall designate in writing. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Lessor shall have the right to require at any time during the Initial  Term that the Total 
Monthly Rental Payment and any other payments due to Lessor be paid to Lessor via electronic funds 
transfer, automatic wire transfer, ACH payment transfer, or other automated electronic payment 
method for deposit into and credit to a bank account designated in writing by Lessor. 
Lessee shall fill out the ACH Agreement attached to as Schedule F 
 
Section 5.01 - Real Property Taxes: 
 
Lessee shall be responsible for and shall pay before delinquency, its Pro Rata  Portion of all real property taxes and 
assessments levied and assessed against the Premises, and shall make such payment in accordance with paragraph 
4.01(B) hereof. 
 
Section 6.01 - Personal Property Taxes: 
 
Lessee shall be responsible for and shall pay, before delinquency, all taxes, assessments, license fees, and other charges 
that are levied and assessed against Lessee’s personal property installed or located in or on the Premises, and that 
become payable during the Initial Term or any renewal thereof. 
 
Section 7.01 - Limitations on Use: 
 
Lessee shall not do, bring or keep anything in or about the Premises that will cause the cancellation of any insurance 

===== PAGE 5 =====
Page 5 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
covering the Premises. If the rate of any insurance carried by Lessor is increased, as a result of Lessee's use, Lessee 
shall reimburse Lessor for the amount of such increase. 
 
A. Lessee shall not permit any activity on the premises which may in law constitute a nuisance, public or 
private, or which may constitute a violation of any environmental laws, or any other laws, ordinances or regulations. 
 
B. Lessee shall not operate all or any portion of the premises as a “place of public accommodation,” as such 
term is defined under the Americans With Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et, seq. (the ADA) and the regulations 
pursuant to such act. 
 
Section 8.01 - Assignment and Subletting: 
 
Lessee shall not sell, mortgage, transfer, assign or sub-let all or any portion of the Premises without the prior written 
consent of the Lessor, which consent shall be in the sole discretion of the Lessor.  Provided however, the Lessor 
shall not be obligated to consent to any assignment, transfer or sub-let in the event the proposed transferee’s use of 
the Premises would be in conflict with the provisions of any other lease in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property. 
Further provided, that in no event shall Lessor's consent to an assignment or subletting by construed as (i) relieving 
Lessee from the obligation to obtain Lessor's express written consent to any further assignment or subletting or (ii) 
releasing Lessee from any liability or obligation hereunder whether or not then accrued, and Lessee shall continue to 
be, fully, jointly and severally liable hereunder. The Lessor may sell, mortgage, transfer or assign its interest in this 
Agreement at any time without the consent of the Lessee, but such transaction(s) shall be made subject to rights of 
Lessee under this Lease. 
 
Section 9.01 - Maintenance, Repairs: 
 
Lessee acknowledges that the Premises is in good order and repair and shall surrender the same at termination hereof, 
in as good condition as received, normal wear and tear excepted. Lessee shall be responsible for all repairs required, 
excepting the roof, exterior walls and structural foundation (including the electrical and plumbing systems situated 
in or below the Premises’ concrete slab foundation), which shall be maintained by Les sor. Lessee shall also be 
responsible for keeping at all times areas immediately adjacent to the Premises, such as sidewalks and parking areas, 
free and clear of trash and other refuse. Lessee shall promptly repair any damage to any part of the building in which 
the Premises is located, including but not limited to the roof, exterior  walls and structural foundation (including the 
electrical and plumbing systems in or below the Premises’ concrete slab foundation), in the event such damage is 
caused by or attributable to the actions or inactions of Lessee, its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, 
members, partners, representatives, agents, customers, guests, invitees or l icensees, to the extent to which such is 
not covered by insurance under Section 15.01. Notwithstanding the  foregoing, the Lessor shall be responsible for 
the repair and replacement, if necessary, of the heating and air conditioning (“HVAC”) system servicing the Premises 
provided that (i) the Lessee shall pay the first $ 1,500.00 for each repair visit and fifty -percent (50%) toward the 
replacement cost of the HVAC system or any component thereof, and (ii) the Lessee maintains, at its own expense, 
for the full term of this Agreement and any renewal or extensions thereof, a monthly maintenance contract with 
Butcher Air Conditioning  for regular routine maintenance to the HVAC systems and components thereof in the 
Premises. Further provided, in the event it is determined by the HVAC maintenance provider that the HVAC systems 
or any component thereof must be replaced and such replacement is made within fifteen (15) days of a repair visit 
made by such HVAC maintenance provider (“Preceding Repair Visit”) (not including a routine maintenance visit 
pursuant to a monthly maintenance contract), then the amount paid by the Lessee toward the cost of the Preceding 
Repair Visit shall be credited toward the Lessee’s obligation to pay fifty  (50%) toward the replacement cost of the 
HVAC system. Lessee further agrees to maintain the Premises in clean and healthful condition and to comply with 
all laws, ordinances, orders, rules and regulations (state, federal, municipal and any  other agencies or bodies having 
any jurisdiction thereof) with respect to the use, condition or occupancy of the  Premises. In discharging the 

===== PAGE 6 =====
Page 6 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
responsibilities hereunder, Lessee shall utilize the services of bonded, licensed contractors to perform all maintenance 
or repair work to the Premises. Lessee agrees to hire Broussard & Smith Services or Butcher Air Conditioning, or 
other agreeable HVAC provider, to perform all maintenance, repairs and replacements of the heating and air 
conditioning systems and components servicing the Premises. 
 
Section 10.01 - Alterations: 
 
Lessee shall not make any additions, improvements or alterations, structural or otherwise, to the Premises without 
Lessor’s written consent, which consent shall be in the sole discretion of the Lessor. In making any improvements, 
additions or alterations that require the consent of Lessor, Lessee, after obtaining Lessor’s consent, shall comply with 
the following: 
 
A. The improvements or alterations shall not be commenced until seven (7) days after Lessor has received 
written notice from Lessee stating the date the alternations are to commence and Lessor has consented to same. 
 
B. The improvements or alterations shall be in conformance with all applicable local, state or federal laws and 
regulations. 
 
Lessee shall have the duty, only if Lessor so requests in writing, to remove from the Premises before the expiration  
of the term, or within fifteen (15) days after the expiration of the term, any additions, improvements or alterations 
Lessee has made to the Premises, so long as the removal will not cause structural damage to the Premises, and Lessee, 
at its cost, shall promptly restore any damage caused by the removal and return the Premises to the condition it was 
in at the beginning of the Initial Term. 
 
The Lessee shall not cause or permit any mechanic’s liens to be filed against the Premises, and Lessee shall indemnify, 
hold harmless, and defend the Lessor from and against any and all such liens. 
 
Moreover, any additions, alterations and improvements made by Lessee, with or without consent of the Lessor, no 
matter how attached to the Premises, shall remain the property of the Lessor unless otherwise stipulated herein, and 
Lessee expressly waives any right to compensation or reimbursement for any such additions, alterations  or 
improvements which may be made on the Premises. Notwithstanding the above, however, Lessee may remove from 
the Premises its office supplies, movable office furniture and movable equipment not attached to the Premises 
provided (a) such removal is made prior to the termination of the term of this Agreement; (b) Lessee is not in default 
of any obligation or covenant under this Agreement at the time of such removal; and (c) Lessee promptly repairs all 
damage, no matter how slight, caused by the installation, use or removal of such furniture or equipment.  
Furthermore, Lessee, or any of its hired architects, engineers, contractors,  subcontractors or employees, shall not 
remove or discard any thing or any item, furniture, fixture, flooring, movable or immovable, etc., without first 
consulting the Lessor and obtaining Lessor’s written permission. 
 
Section 11.01 - Utilities and Janitorial Services: 
 
Lessee shall pay before same becomes delinquent, all utility and service charges for utilities or services furnished to the 
Premises or used by the Premises or the Lessee, including, without limitation, electricity, gas, water, telephone service 
and trash collection. Lessee shall be responsible for maintaining the Premises in accordance with the terms hereof 
and shall be responsible for the payment of any costs or expense with respect to any janitorial services provided to 
the Premises, and Lessee shall be responsible for the trash or refuse disposal services to the trash or refuse generated 
by or related to the Premises. 
 
At the commencement of the Initial Term, Lessee shall immediately transfer electric utility service from the name of 

===== PAGE 7 =====
Page 7 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
Lessor to the name of Lessee. If the Lessee fails to immediately transfer electric utility service to the name of Lessee, 
Lessor may, at its discretion, (i) direct the electric utility provider to discontinue service to the Premises in Lessor’s 
name, or (ii) make electric utility payments on behalf of Lessee and require that Lessee remit to Lessor full 
reimbursement for such payments together with a $100.00 administrative fee for each payment required to be made 
by Lessor. 
 
Lessee shall not disconnect the electricity, gas or water at any time during the term of this Agreement, including in 
anticipation of the termination of the tenancy created herein.  Upon termination of the term of this 
 
Agreement, or in anticipation thereof, Lessee shall give Lessor reasonable written notice of its intent to disconnect 
electricity, gas and/or water service. Upon receipt of written notice to disconnect, Lessor may require,  in its sole 
discretion, that Lessee cooperate with Lessor and do all things necessary to allow such utilities to be transferred into 
Lessor’s name prior to disconnection. 
 
 
 
Section 12.01 - Signs: 
 
Lessee, at its cost, shall have the right to place, construct and maintain an exterior sign on the Premises advertising  
its business conducted on the Premises. Such sign shall be located on the front exterior wall of the Premises above 
the front canopy extending from the front wall. Lessor shall have the right to approve such signs  prior to their 
placement on the Premises, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, and any sign that Lessee has the right 
to place, construct and maintain shall comply with all applicable laws or regulations including, but not limited to the 
rules and regulations attached hereto as Schedule C and the design criteria attached  hereto as Schedule D . Upon 
termination of the tenancy herein created, Lessee shall remove any sign so placed and repair any damage or injury to 
the Premises or the exterior thereof caused by such removal, and Lessee shall retain the contractor designated by 
Lessor to repair the damage caused by such removal.  In the event the Lessee does not remove its sign as provided 
herein, then the Lessor shall have the right to remove the  sign or signs and the Lessee shall be responsible for the 
payment of such removal and such cost or expense shall be considered as rent due hereunder. 
 
In addition, Lessee must obtain prior written approval from Lessor of all Lessee exterior signage. 
 
Should Lessee choose to place a sign under the Premises walkway, it must be erected by Hubbard Sign Company and 
paid for by the Lessee. 
 
Section 13.01 - Access: 
 
Lessor and its authorized representatives shall have the right after twelve (12) hours notice to Lessee, to enter the 
during Lessee’s business hours and at all other reasonable times with such prior notice for the purpose of: 
 
A. Determining whether the Premises is in good condition and whether Lessee is complying with its 
obligations under this Agreement; 
 
B. Doing any necessary maintenance and to make any restoration or repair to the Premises or the building and 
other improvements in which the Premises is located that Lessor has the right or obligation to perform. 
 
C. Posting “for rent” or “for lease” signs during the last three (3) months of the term of this Agreement or 
any renewal thereof. 
 

===== PAGE 8 =====
Page 8 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
 
Section 14.01 –Indemnity: 
 
Lessee shall hold Lessor harmless from all damages arising out of any loss, theft, injury or damage to any person or 
property (as the case may be) occurring in, on, or about the Premises except for damages resulting from the gross 
negligence or willful conduct of Lessor.  Lessee shall be liable to Lessor for damages resulting from the acts  or 
omissions of Lessee, its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, representatives, agents,  
customers, guests, invitees and licensees or of Lessee's, its employee’s, officer’s, director’s, shareholder’s, member’s, 
partner’s, representative’s, agent’s, customer’s, guest’s, invitee’s and licensee’s negligence, gross negligence or willful 
conduct. Lessee’s obligation under this paragraph to indemnify and hold the Lessor harmless shall be limited to the 
sum that exceeds the amount of insurance proceeds, if any, received by the Lessor. The indemnitee shall give prompt 
notice to the indemnitor of any claim to which this indemnity applies. 
 
Section 14.02 - Hazardous Substances: 
 
Lessee warrants and covenants that neither the Lessee, nor its employees, agents, officers, shareholders, partners,  
members, invitees, guests or customers shall use, deposit, store, transport, locate, bring on to or cause to be brought 
on to the Premises any Hazardous Substances and further warrants and covenants that neither Lessee nor employees, 
agents, officers, shareholders,  partners, members, invitees, guests or  its customers  shall release, discharge, spill, 
dispose, emit or permit the breakage of, Hazardous Substances in, on or under the Premises. 
 
Lessee agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Lessor from any and all claims, damages, fines, judgements, penalties, 
costs, liabilities, or losses (including, without limitation, any and all sums paid for settlement of claims, attorneys' fees, 
consultant and expert fees) arising during or after the term of this Agreement or any renewal hereof from or in 
connection with the presence or suspected presence of Hazardous Substances in or on the Premises,  which 
Hazardous Substances were brought onto the Premises during the term of this Agreement or any renewal thereof by 
the Lessee, its agents, officers, representatives, employees, invitees or licensees or become deposited or otherwise 
become present on the Premises during the term of this Agreement or any renewal thereof. Without limiting of the 
foregoing, this indemnification shall include any and all costs incurred due to any investigation of the site or any 
cleanup, removal, or restoration mandated by a federal, state, or local agency or political subdivision. 
 
For purposes of this section, the term "Hazardous Substances" shall be interpreted broadly to include, but not be 
limited to, substances designated as hazardous under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation  
and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. 9601, et seq., the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 
U.S.C. 2201, et seq., and any applicable State or federal law or regulation. The term shall also be interpreted to include 
but not be limited to any substance which after release into the environment and upon exposure, ingestion, inhalation 
or assimilation, either directly from the environment or directly by ingestion through food chains will or may 
reasonably be anticipated to cause death, disease, behavior abnormalities, cancer and/or genetic abnormaliti es, and 
oil and petroleum based derivatives. 
 
The provisions of this section shall be in addition to any other obligations and liabilities Lessee may have to Lessor 
at law or in equity and shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
Section 15.01 - Insurance: 
 
Lessee, at its cost, shall maintain comprehensive general liability insurance in a minimum amount of 
$1,000,000.00 for each occurrence with a $1,000,000.00 general aggregate, including $1,000,000.00 personal and 
advertising coverage, $100,000.00 in fire legal liability, and $5,000.00 in medical payments, insuring against all liability 
of Lessee arising out of and in connection with Lessee's use or occupancy of the Premises. All such insurance policies 

===== PAGE 9 =====
Page 9 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
shall name the Lessor as an additional insured.  At the Commencement Date and on each anniversary  date of the 
Commencement Date, Lessee shall  supply to Lessor a certificate that such insurance is in  force and the requisite 
premiums have been paid. Lessee's insurance policies and coverage shall be endorsed to apply on a primary basis. It 
is further provided that Lessee's insurance policies and coverage shall contain (either directly in the policy or by 
endorsement) a provision that provides that the Lessor shall be entitled to thirty  (30) days prior written notice of 
cancellation and/or non renewal of such policy or coverage of the Lessee. 
 
Lessor shall maintain fire, casualty and extended coverage insurance on the Boulevard Shopping Center Property 
and improvements thereon, and upon written request from the Lessee, the Lessor shall supply to Lessee a certificate 
establishing that such insurance is in force and the requisite premiums have been paid. 
 
Section 16.01 - Waiver of Subrogation: 
 
To the extent that a loss is covered by insurance in force and recovery is made for such loss, the Lessor and Lessee 
hereby mutually hold harmless and release each other from liability and waive all right of subrogation against each 
other for any loss or damage to their respective properties. Each party shall cause each insurance policy obtained by 
it to provide that the insurance company waives all right of recovery by way of subrogation against either party in 
connection with any liabilities or damage covered by any policy. 
 
Section 17.01 - Damage or Destruction: 
 
If the Premises is so damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, earthquake, the elements, casualty, war, riot, public disorder, 
acts authorized or unauthorized by the government (including a condemnation proceeding) or any other cause or 
happening so as to render the Premises unusable for Lessee's operations, as determined by the Lessor acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, this Agreement shall terminate immediately,  and any unearned rent 
paid by Lessee shall be refunded without demand, setoff or reduction as of the date of such destruction or damage.  
However, there shall be no termination and no refund of unearned rent,  except to the extent provided for or 
compensated for by Lessor’s insurance, paid by Lessee, if the damage is caused by the negligence, willful misconduct 
or gross negligence of Lessee, its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, representatives, 
agents, customers, guests, invitees or licensees. 
 
If the Premises is partially damaged or rendered partially unusable by fire or other casualty, as set forth above in the 
immediately preceding paragraph, Lessee shall give Lessor written notice of the damage and if repairs are not 
undertaken by the Lessee within thirty (30) days from the date of such notice to Lessor, Lessor may terminate this 
Agreement by giving written notice to the Lessee.  If Lessor elects not to terminate, this Agreement shall continue 
in full force and effect and the damages to the Premises shall be repaired by and at the expenses of Lessee, except to 
the extent provided for or compensated for by Lessor’s insurance. Moreover, until  such repair is substantially 
completed so that full use and occupancy of the Premises by Lessee is possible, the rent shall be apportioned according 
to the portion of the Premises which remains usable.  If such repairs are not completed within one hundred eighty 
(180) days from the date of written notice of the casualty to Lessor, the Lessor may terminate this Agreement by the 
giving of written notice to the other party within ten 
(10) days of the expiration of the 180-day period. 
 
If the building in which the Premises is located, or any portion thereof, provided such damaged portion contains all or 
a portion of the Premises, is partially damaged or rendered partially unusable by fire or other casualty as set forth 
above, as determined by the Lessor acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, Lessor shall 
undertake the repair of the building and the Premises (except if such damage is caused by the negligence, willful 
misconduct or the gross negligence of the Lessee, its employees, officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, 
representatives, agents, customers, guests, invitees, or licensees, in which case the Lessee shall be responsible for the 

===== PAGE 10 =====
Page 10 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
repair of the building and the Premises, except to the extent provided for or compensated for by Lessor’s insurance) 
within thirty (30) days from the date of the damages.  This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect during 
the period of the repair and/or until this Agreement is terminated as provided herein. Moreover, until such repair is 
substantially completed so that full use and occupancy of  the Premises by the Lessee is possible, the rent shall be  
apportioned according to the portion of the Premises remaining usable.  If such repairs are not completed within 
one hundred eighty (180) days from the date that the repair work is began, either party may terminate this Agreement 
by giving written notice to the other party within ten (10) days of the expiration of the 180 day period. 
 
Section 18.01 – Lessee’s Default: 
 
The following events shall be deemed to be events of default by Lessee under this Agreement: 
 
A. Lessee shall be adjudged bankrupt, or shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or make a general 
assignment for the benefit of Lessee's creditors, or a receiver by appointed for Lessee's property, or if execution  be 
issued against Lessee's interest in this Agreement, or if Lessee's interest in this Agreement shall by operation of law 
pass to any person other than Lessee; or 
 
B. Lessee shall fail to pay the rental due hereunder or any other amount payable to Lessor hereunder; or 
 
C. Lessee shall fail to conduct business operations on the Premises and/or shall demonstrate other indicia of 
abandonment in such a manner that results in Lessor’s reasonable belief that Lessee has abandoned or vacated the 
Premises; or 
 
D. Lessee shall fail to perform any requirements of this Agreement, other than a failure described in subsection 
18.01(B) or 18.01 (C) above, and such failure shall continue for five (5) days after written notice of such failure from 
Lessor delivered to Lessee. 
 
Upon the occurrence of any one or more of such events of default, at the option of Lessor, (i) this Agreement shall 
cease and terminate immediately and Lessee shall quit and surrender the Premises to Lessor, or (ii) Lessor may pursue 
any remedy available to Lessor, whether by law or contract, or in equity, including without limitation the repossession 
of the Premises by Lessor, in which event Lessee shall be liable for all rent payable through the date of repossession. 
If this Agreement shall have been terminated by Lessor pursuant to this Section 18.01, Lessor  may at  any time 
thereafter resume possession of  the Premises by any lawful means,  and remove  Lessee and Lessee’s property 
therefrom. Time is of the essence with respect to all matters described in this Section 18.01. 
 
Section 19.01 – Lessor’s Default: 
 
Lessor shall be in default of this Agreement if it fails or refuses to perform any provision of this Agreement that it 
is obligated to perform if the failure to perform is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice of the default 
has been given by Lessee to Lessor.  If the default cannot reasonably be cured within thirty (30) days,  Lessor shall 
not be in default of this Agreement if Lessor commences to cure the default within the thirty- day period and in good 
faith continues to cure the default.  In the event the Lessor fails to cure a default as provided  hereinabove and the 
continuance of such default results in the interruption of the Lessee's peaceable enjoyment of the Premises, then the 
Lessee shall be entitled to the abatement of the monthly rent payable under this Agreement and the amount of such 
abatement shall be in the same proportion as the amount of the Premises rendered unusable by Lessor's default is 
to the totality of the Premises. 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 11 =====
Page 11 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
Section 20.01 - Surrender of Premises: 
 
Upon termination of this Agreement by lapse of time or otherwise, Lessee shall immediately surrender the Premises 
in as good condition as it was in at the beginning of the Initial Term, ordinary wear and tear and alterations, changes 
and additions made in compliance with this Agreement, acts of God, and other casualty excepted.  In the event the 
Lessee retains possession of the Premises without exercising its option to renew in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement and after the termination date of this Agreement, then the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a monthly rental 
amount equal to 200% of the monthly rental amount set forth in Section 
4.01 hereof for each month or part thereof that the Lessee retains possession of the Premises after the termination 
date of this Agreement. 
 
Section 21.01 - Notice: 
 
Any notice, demand, request, or consent that either party describes or is required to be given hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed sufficient if sent by United States first class mail, return receipt requested, Federal 
Express, or UPS: 
 
LESSOR:
    
BELLE REALTY OF LAFAYETTE, LLC 
c/o Adam Abdalla 
Belle Realty of Lafayette, LLC adam@belle-realty.com 
337-288-5411 (cell) 
337-769-1554 
PO Box 62230 
Lafayette, LA 70596 belle-realty.com 
 
LESSEE:  
ROBERTSON FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC  
c/o Alicia L. Robertson 
114 Constitution Drive 
Lafayette, La 70503 
alicialebouef@outlook.com 
337-962-1319 
 
Either party may notify the other in writing of any different address for notice purposes. 
 
All such notices shall be deemed given on the date of receipt at the applicable address as evidenced by the return 
receipt and/or delivery confirmation. 
 
Section 22.01 - Common Area, Non-Exclusive Cross Use Easement and Parking: 
 
Lessor shall have the sole and exclusive control of the Common Area as well as the right to make changes to the 
Common Area. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, Lessor shall not be responsible for any harm or damage 
to the Lessee, its offices, employees, shareholders, agents or invitees as a result of the use by any person or persons of 
the Common Area. Lessor's rights with respect to the Common Area shall include, but not be limited to, the right 
to (i) restrict the use of the Common Area by unauthorized persons (ii) utilize from time to time any portion of the 
Common Area for promotional and related matters, (iii) temporarily close any portion of the Common Area for 
repairs, renovations, alterations or otherwise (iv) limit the activities or uses of the Common Area by the Lessee, its 
agents, invitees, and employees. 

===== PAGE 12 =====
Page 12 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
 
Each lessee of the Boulevard Shopping Center Property shall have a non- exclusive right to use and enjoy the 
Common Area, subject to the provisions contained in this Agreement. Provided however, in no event shall there be 
any overnight parking or storage of any boats, automobiles, trucks, recreational vehicles, campers or trucks larger  
than those having six  wheels on the Boulevard Shopping Center  Property. In addition, no lessee shall perform or 
permit to be performed any maintenance on any vehicles in the Common Area.  All delivery vehicles owned and 
operated by any lessee in connection with its business located in the Boulevard Shopping Center shall be parked at 
all times, during business and non-business hours in the rear of the lessee’s leased premises. 
 
Section 23.01 - Interpretation: 
 
This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana. 
 
Section 24.01 - Waiver: 
 
No delay or omission by either party in exercising any right occurring upon any noncompliance or default by the 
other party with respect to any of the terms hereof shall impair any such or be construed to be waiver thereof.  A 
waiver by either party of any of the covenants and agreements to be performed by the other shall not be construed 
to be a waiver of any succeeding breach thereof or of any other covenants or agreements herein contained. 
 
Section 25.01 - Heirs and Successors: 
 
Subject to the provisions hereof pertaining to assignment and subletting, the covenants and agreements of this 
Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 
Section 26.01 - Integrated Agreement; Modification: 
 
This Agreement contains all of the agreements of the parties and cannot be amended or modified except by a written 
agreement signed by the Lessor and the Lessee. 
 
Section 27.01 - Recordation: 
 
This Agreement shall not be recorded, except that if either party requests the other party to do so, the parties shall 
execute a memorandum of lease in recordable form. 
 
Section 28.01 - Captions: 
 
The captions used in this Agreement shall have no effect of its interpretation. 
 
Section 29.01 - Severability: 
 
The unenforceability, invalidity, or illegality of any provision of this Agreement shall not render the other 
provisions unenforceable, invalid or illegal. 
 
Section 30.01 - Attorney's Costs: 
 
If by reason of any default on the part of Lessee, Lessor retains an attorney to enforce the provisions of this 
Agreement and/or to notify Lessee of its default, Lessor shall be liable to Lessee for Lessor’s reasonable attorney’s 
fees and costs associated with such enforcement and/or notification and shall pay such fees and/or costs, including 

===== PAGE 13 =====
Page 13 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
the cost of delivering notice of default, within thirty (30) days of receipt of written notice of the  amount of such 
attorney’s fees and/or costs incurred by Lessor. If by reason of any default on the part of Lessee, Lessor shall bring 
suit to recover any rent due hereunder, or for breach of any provision of this Agreement or to recover possession of 
the Premises, or if Lessee shall bring any action for any relief against Lessor, declaratory or otherwise, arising out of 
this Agreement, the prevailing party shall have and recover against the other party in addition to the costs allowed 
by law, such sum as the court may judge to be a reasonable attorney's fee. 
 
Section 31.01 - Option to Renew: 
 
Provided that Lessee is not in default in the performance of this Agreement, Lessee shall have the option to renew 
the lease for one (1) additional term of three (3) years each, commencing on the next day following the expiration of 
the Initial Term. All of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply during the renewal term except that 
the Monthly Rental Amount shall be negotiated by the Lessor and the Lessee. The option to renew shall be exercised 
by written notice given to Lessor by Lessee not less than sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term. If 
notice is not given in the manner provided herein and within the time specified, this option to renew shall terminate. 
 
Section 32.01 – Subordination: 
 
A. This Agreement is subject and subordinate to any mortgage which now or hereafter encumbers or affects 
the building of which the Premises form a part and/or the leasehold interest or fee simple interest  of the Lessor in 
the land upon which the building is situated, and to all renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements and 
extensions thereof. This clause shall be self-operative and no further instrument of subordination need by required 
by any mortgagee of Lessor.  In confirmation of such subordination, however, Lessee shall, at Lessor’s request, 
promptly execute any appropriate certificate or instrument that Lessor may request.  Lessee hereby constitutes and 
appoints Lessor as Lessee’s attorney in fact to execute any such certificate or instrument for and on behalf of Lessee. 
In the event of the enforcement by the holder of any such instrument of the remedies provided for by law or by 
such mortgage, Lessee will, upon request of any person or party succeeding to the interest of Lessor as a result of 
such enforcement, automatically become the lessee of such successor in interest without change in the terms or other 
provisions of this Agreement. Upon request by such successor in interest, Lessee shall execute and deliver an 
instrument or instruments confirming the attornment herein provided for. 
 
B. At Lessor’s request, Lessee will execute either an estoppel certificate or a three-party agreement certifying 
such facts and agreeing to such notice provisions and other matters as may reasonably be required. 
 
Section 33.01 – Material Inducement: 
 
The parties acknowledge and agree that the Construction months and Abatement months have been granted to the 
Lessee as a material inducement to enter into this Agreement.  
 
Section 35.01 – Security Deposit: 
 
Lessee has paid Lessor the amount of $1, 958.23 (the “Security Deposit”) as security for its performance of the 
terms hereof by Lessee. Provided Lessee  is not in default of this Agreement, the Security Deposit shall be returned 
to Lessee within thirty (30) days after termination of this Agreement if, based on a good faith determination by 
Lessor, Lessee has fully discharged its obligations to Lessor pursuant to this Agreement in full. The Security Deposit 
may not be used by Lessee as the last month’s rent at the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 14 =====
Page 14 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
Section 36.01 – Rules and Regulations: 
 
The Lessee agrees that during the initial term of this Agreement and any renewal thereof, to fully abide by and comply 
with the Rules and Regulations of the Boulevard Shopping Center attached hereto as Schedule C, as the same may be 
amended from time to time by the Lessor. 
 
Section 37.01 – Design Criteria For Lessee Signs: 
 
The Lessee agrees that any sign placed on or otherwise affixed to the Premises or to the Shopping Center advertising 
the Lessee’s business shall be in strict accordance with this Agreement and Schedule D attached hereto. 
 
Section 38.01 – Confidentiality: 
 
The Lessor and Lessee agree that the terms and conditions set forth herein are confidential information and neither 
the Lessor nor the Lessee shall make available to the public or any person not at party to this Agreement, by written or 
oral communication, the terms, conditions or substance of this Agreement or the lease set forth herein. 
 
 
 
 
 
[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES] 
 
List of Schedules: 
Schedule A: Plat of Leased Premises  
Schedule B: Site Plan of Common Area  
Schedule C: Rules & Regulations 
Schedule D: Design Criteria for Lessee Signs 
Schedule E: Guaranty Agreement 
Schedule F: ACH Agreement 
Schedule G: Breakdown of the Total Monthly Rental Payment for the Initial Term 

===== PAGE 15 =====
Page 15 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have executed this Agreement the day and year first above. 
 
 
LESSOR: 
 
BELLE REALTY OF LAFAYETTE, LLC, 
a Louisiana limited liability company 
 
____________________________________ 
 
Printed Name: ________________________  
By: Adam Abdalla 
Its: Authorized Representative  
  
 
 
 
 
LESSEE: 
 
GREEK EXPRESSIONS, LLC, 
a Louisiana limited liability company 
 
____________________________________ 
 
Printed Name: ________________________  
By: Adam Abdalla 
Its: Authorized Representative

===== PAGE 16 =====
Page 16 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
SCHEDULE A 
BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY 
PLAT SHOWING PREMISES LEASED


===== PAGE 17 =====
Page 17 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
SCHEDULE B 
BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY 
SITE PLAN SHOWING COMMON AREA 
 
 


===== PAGE 18 =====
Page 18 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
SCHEDULE C 
THE BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY 
RULES AND REGULATIONS 
 
 
 
All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at such times, in the areas, and through the entrances, 
designated for such purposes by Lessor. 
 
The delivery or shipping of merchandise, supplies, and fixtures to and from the Premises shall be subject to such 
rules and regulations, which in the sole judgment of  Lessor are necessary for the proper operation of the Premises 
or the Boulevard Shopping Center (the “Shopping Center”). 
 
All garbage and refuse shall be kept in the kind of container or receptacle specified by Lessor, and shall be placed in 
the area outside of the Premises prepared for collection in the manner and at the times and places specified by Lessor. 
 
No radio or television or other similar device shall be installed without first obtaining, in each instance, Lessor’s prior 
consent in writing. No aerial or antenna of any kind shall be erected on the roof or exterior walls of the Premises, 
the building in which the Premises is located or  on the grounds of the Shopping Center, without, in each instance, 
the prior written consent of the Lessor.  Any aerial or antenna  so installed without such written consent shall be 
subject to removal by the Lessor without notice at any time. 
 
No loud speakers, televisions, phonographs, radios, or other devices shall be used in a manner so as to be heard or 
seen outside of the Premises without the prior written consent of Lessor. 
 
If the Premises are equipped with heating facilities separate from those in the remainder of the Shopping Center, 
Lessee, during winter months shall keep the Premises heated at a temperature sufficient to prevent freezing of water 
in pipes and fixtures located within the Premises. 
 
The exterior areas immediately adjoining the Premises shall be kept clean and free from snow, ice, dirt, trash, refuse 
and rubbish by Lessee to the satisfaction of Lessor, and Lessee shall not place or permit any obstruction or 
merchandise in such areas. 
 
The plumbing facilities within the Premises shall not be used for any other purpose than that for which they are 
designed, and no foreign substance of any kind shall be thrown therein, and the expense of any breakage, stoppage, 
or damage resulting from a violation of this provision shall be borne by Lessee. 
 
Lessee shall use, at Lessee’s cost, a qualified pest extermination contractor, whose services shall be scheduled so as 
not to reasonably interfere with the operation of the Shopping Center. 
 
Lessee shall not burn any trash or garbage of any kind in or about the Premises, the Shopping Center, or within one 
mile of the outside property lines of the Shopping Center. 
 
Lessee and Lessee’s employees shall park their cars only in those parking areas designated for that purpose by Lessor. 
 
Lessee shall not make noises, cause disturbances, or create odors, which may be offensive to other tenants of the 
Shopping Center or their officers, employees, agents, servants, customers or invitees. 
 
Lessee shall not place any type or kind of electrical power extension cord or light fixture outside of the Premises. The 

===== PAGE 19 =====
Page 19 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
Lessee shall use only UL approved, ground faulted power strips to facilitate electrical power sources within the 
Premises. 
 
Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, hang or cause to be hung, any banner, sign, display 
or any other items of any kind outside of the Premises (including the lattice which is part of the building in which the 
Premises is located). 
 
Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, stand, erect, construct or otherwise place any display 
or any other thing of any kind whatsoever in front of the Premises. 
 
Lessee’s business operation located within the Premises shall be open for business a minimum of five (5) days per 
each calendar week, Monday through and including Friday. In addition, such business operation shall be open during 
those days at least from 10:00 a.m. each day to 5:00 p.m. each day. Nothing contained herein shall prevent the Lessee 
from opening for business on Saturday or Sunday of each calendar week.  In the event the Lessee’s business 
operations do not, for any reason, remain open for retail business as set forth herein, the Lessee shall be subject to a 
fine by the Lessor in any amount not to exceed $100.00 for each occurrence. Further provided, in the event of five (5) 
or more such occurrences within any twelve (12) month period, the Lessor shall have the right, in addition to all 
other remedies contained herein to terminate this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the 
contrary, the Lessee shall not be obligated to be open for business on the following holidays: New Years Day, Mardi 
Gras Day, Easter Sunday, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. 
 
In the event the Lessee displays any clock or other time keeping device on the Premises which is visible from the 
exterior, the same shall be maintained in a manner to display the accurate time at all times, including the adjustment 
of such time to reflect daylight savings time and standard time and to compensate for any power outages which may 
have affected such clock or time keeping device. 
 
In the event the Lessee displays or otherwise employs a sign which is lighted by electrical current or otherwise, then 
the Lessee shall ensure that such signs are lighted as of dusk each day (adjusted for seasonal changes in such time) 
and remain lighted until midnight each day. 
 
Lessee shall cause its name and address to be placed on the rear door of the Premises and shall, at its own expense,  
provide for security lighting to be placed on or about the rear door, which security lighting shall remain illuminated all 
night, every night. 
 
Lessee shall not, nor shall Lessee permit any of its employees, contractors, customers or invitees to, solicit business 
or otherwise from any person or persons located on the Shopping Center property. Further, Lessee shall not respond 
or otherwise encourage or facilitate the solicitation by any outside person or persons on the Shopping Center 
property. 

===== PAGE 20 =====
Page 20 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
SCHEDULE D 
BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY 
DESIGN CRITERIA FOR LESSEE SIGNS  
 
 
Lessee’s sign or signs shall be store identity signs only, and must be placed on the exterior façade of the canopy which 
covers the sidewalk in front of the Premises (the “Canopy”) in the area designated for signs.  No signs shall be 
suspended from the underside of the façade, but may, subject to the approval of the Lessor, be suspended from the 
underside of the Canopy. 
 
No freestanding signs shall be permitted. 
 
Lessee’s signage shall be manufactured by Universal Sign Company and be Individual Channel Illuminated letters,  
interior light with single 12mm white neon, five and one-half (5 ½”) inch deep Channel letters using 
.040 aluminum with bronze factory baked enamel finish, plastic facing, using 1” Jewelite gold Trim cap. 
 
Letter style may be of the Lessee’s choice, subject to review and written approval by Lessor prior to the sign order 
being placed with the company. 
 
Lessee’s sign shall be limited to letters not to exceed twenty -six (26”) inches in height.  The maximum length of 
Lessee’s lettering may be 80% of the frontage of the Premises, but no letters shall be nearer than two (2’) feet to 
either corner of the Premises. No exposed neon light shall be used on signs without Lessor’s prior written approval. 
 
All neon on interior of letters to be UL48 specifications, PK housing, electrical conduit, etc. Letters to be mounted 
on a raceway, shall not exceed store identity name with cabinet being a maximum eight (8”) inches width and eight 
(8”) inches depth (transformers mounted in raceway); the raceway shall be painted the same color of the building 
fascia to which it will be attached. 
 
Lessee’s lettering on doors, windows or show windows may not be illuminated and may not exceed six (6”) inches 
in height. 
 
Lessee’s shall not employ paper signs to be applied to the interior or exterior faces of the store front glass or other 
material. Lessee shall not employ any flashing action, moving action or audible signs. 
 
Lessee’s sign shall be in accordance with ordinances of governing bodies having jurisdiction over the Shopping Center, 
the Premises and/or the Lessee. 
 
Lessee’s signs shall operate in a manner which automatically turns the sign(s) on at dusk and turns the sign(s) off at 
12:00 midnight each day. 

===== PAGE 21 =====
Page 21 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
Lessor’s approval of Lessee’s plans and specifications for space improvement work shall not be deemed to constitute 
approval by Lessor of any of Lessee’s sign work.  Lessee shall submit separate drawings and specifications, in 
quadruplicate, including colors, for all it’s proposed sign work. The drawings shall clearly show the location of all 
signs on the storefront elevation drawing, graphic, color and construction and attachment  details. Within a 
reasonable time after the receipt of such drawings and specifications, Lessor shall return one set thereof to Lessee 
with its approval and/or any suggested modifications from Lessor.  Lessee shall be deemed to have agreed to and 
approved all suggested modifications. 
 
All Lessee signs must be fully approved in writing by Lessor prior to installation. 
 
In the event that Lessee places or otherwise erects a sign or signs in any place other than within the Premises without 
the prior written approval of the Lessor, the Lessor shall have the right to remove such sign or signs and the costs 
or removal shall be the responsibility of the Lessee. The Lessee shall reimburse the Lessor for such costs within five 
(5) days of receipt of an invoice from the Lessor for the costs of  removal of the sign or signs.  The cost of such 
removal shall be considered rent due hereunder and the non-payment by the Lessee shall be considered nonpayment 
of rent and entitle the Lessor the exercise its rights for non-payment of rent. 

===== PAGE 22 =====
Page 22 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
SCHEDULE D 
BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY 
GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 
 
GUARANTY 
 
This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is entered into as of the  day of  2025, by the undersigned 
(the “Guarantor” whether one or more), for the benefit of BELLE REALTY OF LAFAYETTE, LLC, a Louisiana limited 
liability company, whose current mailing address is PO Box 62230, Lafayette, LA 70596  (the “Lessor”). 
 
R E C I T A L S 
 
A. 
ROBERTSON FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company , whose current mailing address is 
114 Constitution Drive, Lafayette, La 70503  and being represented herein by Alicia L. Robertson (“Lease”) by and 
between Lessor and Lessee, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
B. Guarantor has an economic interest in Lessee or will otherwise obtain a material financial benefit from the 
Lease. 
 
C. As a condition to entering into the Lease with Lessee, Lessor requires that the Guarantor execute this 
Guaranty. 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Lessor to enter into the Lease with the Lessee, and in consideration 
thereof, Guarantor agrees as follows: 
 
1. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings assigned to them in the 
Lease. 
 
2. Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Lessor the full and prompt 
payment when due, whether at maturity or earlier, and at all times  until this Guaranty is terminated or released 
under the terms hereof, and the full and prompt performance when due, of all of the following: 
 
(a) The payment, by the Lessee, when due, of all amounts due under the Lease. 
 
(b) The prompt performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the Lease 
by the Lessee and the prompt performance by the Lessee of all of  its obligations pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Lease. 
 
(c) All costs and expenses, including reasonable fees and out of pocket expenses of attorneys and expert 
wi
tnesses, incurred by Lessor in enforcing its rights under this Guaranty. 
 
3. Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty constitute an unconditional guaranty of payment and 
performance and not merely a guaranty of collection. 
 
4. The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be performed without demand by Lessor and shall 
be unconditional and without regard to any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or 
equitable discharge of a surety or a guarantor. Guarantor hereby waives the benefit of all principles or provisions 

===== PAGE 23 =====
Page 23 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms of this Guaranty and agrees that 
Guarantor’s obligations shall not be affected by any circumstances, whether or not referred to in this Guaranty, 
which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge  of a surety or a guarantor.  Guarantor hereby 
waives the benefits of any  right of discharge under any and all statutes or other laws relating to guarantors or 
sureties and any other rights of sureties and guarantors 
 
thereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Guarantor hereby waives, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, diligence in collecting by the Lessor, presentment, demand for payment, protest, all notices 
with respect to the Lease and this Guaranty which may be required by statute, rule of law or otherwise to preserve 
Lessor’s rights against Guarantor under this Guaranty, including notice of acceptance, notice of any amendment 
of the Lease, notice of the occurrence of any default under the Lease, notice of dishonor and notice of protest. 
Guarantor also waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all rights to require Lessor to (a) proceed against 
Lessee (b) proceed against or exhaust any collateral held by Lessor to secure the performance of Lessee under 
the Lease, or (c) pursue any other remedy it may now or hereafter have against Lessee. In addition, Guarantor 
waives the benefit of any right of discharge under Louisiana law and all other rights of sureties and g uarantors 
thereunder. 
 
5. At any time or from time to time and any  number of times, without notice  to Guarantor and without 
affecting the liability of Guarantor, (a) the time for payment of the amounts due under the Lease may be 
extended or the Lease may be renewed in whole or in part; or (b) the time for Lessee’s performance of or 
compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the Lease, whether presently existing or hereinafter 
entered into, may be extended or such performance or compliance may be waived. 
 
6. Guarantor shall have no right of, and hereby waives any claim for, subrogation or reimbursement against 
Lessee by reason of any payment by Guarantor under this Guaranty, whether such right or claim arises at law 
or in equity or under any contract or statute, until all amounts due under the Lease have been paid in full and 
there has expired the maximum possible period thereafter during which any payment made by Lessee to Lessor 
with respect to the Lease could be deemed a preference under the United States Bankruptcy Code. 
 
7. If any payment by Lessee is held to constitute a preference under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
or similar laws, or if for any other reason Lessor is required to refund any sums to Lessee, such refund shall not 
constitute a release of any liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty. It is the intention of Lessor and Guarantor 
that Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty shall not be discharged except by Guarantor’s performance of 
such obligations and then only to the extent of such performance. 
 
8. Gua
rantor shall from time to time, upon request by Lessor, deliver to Lessor such financial statements as 
Lessor may reasonably require. 
 
9. Lessor may assign its rights under this Guaranty in whole or in part and, upon any such assignment, all the 
terms and provisions of this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of such assignee to the extent so assigned. The 
terms used to designate any of the parties herein shall be deemed to include the heirs, legal representatives, 
successors and assigns of such parties. 
 
10. THIS GUARANTY AND THE LEASE REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, 
CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS. THERE ARE NO 
UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN 
THE PARTIES. All prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, representations, and statements, 
oral or written,  are merged into this Guaranty and the Lease. Guarantor acknowledges that it has received a 

===== PAGE 24 =====
Page 24 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
copy of the Lease. Neither  this Guaranty nor any of its provisions may be waived, modified, amended, 
discharged, or terminated except by an agreement in writing signed by the party against which the enforcement 
of the waiver, modification, amendment, discharge, or termination is sought, and then only to the extent set 
forth in that agreement. 
 
11. Guarantor agrees that any  controversy arising under or in relation to this Guaranty shall be  litigated 
exclusively in Lafayette, Lafayette Parish, Louisiana (the “Property Jurisdiction”). The state and federal courts 
and authorities with jurisdiction  in the Property Jurisdiction shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all 
controversies which  shall arise under or in relation to this Guaranty and the Lease.  Guarantor irrevocably 
consents to service, jurisdiction, and venue of such courts for any such litigation and waives any other venue to 
which it might be entitled by virtue of domicile, habitual residence or otherwise. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantor has signed and delivered this Guaranty or has 
caused this Guaranty to be signed and delivered by its duly authorized representative as of the date set forth above. 
 
 
 
GUARANTOR: 
 
  (XXX-XX- ) 
Address:   
Email:     
Telephone:   
 
 
 
GUARANTOR: 
 
  (XXX-XX- ) 
Address:   
Email:     
Telephone:   

===== PAGE 25 =====
Page 25 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
EXHIBIT A 
TO 
GUARANTY AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

===== PAGE 26 =====
Page 26 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
 
SCHEDULE E 
BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY 
ACH AGREEMENT 
 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 27 =====
Page 27 of 27 Lessor’s Initials    Lessee’s Initials    
 
 
SCHEDULE G 
BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY 
BREAKDOWN OF THE TOTAL MONTHLY RENTAL PAYMENT 
 
 
UNIT 121 MONTH 1-3 1709
Jul/25-Sep/25 RENT ITEM  PER SF  PER MONTH 
BASE   $                       -    $                     -   
CAM   $                       -    $                     -   
TAX  $                       -    $                     -   
INS.   $                       -    $                     -   
TOTAL    $                       -    $                     -   
UNIT 121 MONTH 4-6 1709
Oct/25-Dec/25  RENT ITEM PER SF   PER MONTH 
BASE  $                       -    $                     -   
CAM  $                   2.10  $             299.08 
Taxes  $                   0.95  $             135.30 
Insurance  $                   1.95  $             277.71 
 TOTAL   $                   5.00  $              712.08 
UNIT 121 YEAR 1 1709
Year 1  RENT ITEM PER SF   PER MONTH 
BASE  $                 12.75  $          1,815.81 
CAM  $                   2.10  $             299.08 
Taxes  $                   0.95  $             135.30 
Insurance  $                   1.95  $             277.71 
 TOTAL   $                  17.75  $          2,527.90 
UNIT 121 YEAR 2 1709
Year 2  RENT ITEM PER SF   PER MO NTH 
BASE  $                 13.25  $          1,887.02 
CAM  $                   2.10  $             299.08 
Taxes  $                   0.95  $             135.30 
Insurance  $                   1.95  $             277.71 
 TOTAL   $                  18.25  $           2,599.10 
UNIT 121 YEAR 3 1709
Year 3  RENT ITEM PER SF   PER MONTH 
BASE  $                 13.75  $          1,958.23 
CAM  $                   2.10  $             299.08 
Taxes  $                   0.95  $             135.30 
Insurance  $                   1.95  $             277.71 
 TOTAL   $                  18.75  $           2,670.31 
UNIT 121 YEAR 4 1709
Year 4  RENT ITEM PER SF   PER MO NTH 
BASE  $                 14.00  $          1,993.83 
CAM  $                   2.10  $             299.08 
Taxes  $                   0.95  $             135.30 
Insurance  $                   1.95  $             277.71 
 TOTAL   $                  19.00  $          2,705.92 
UNIT 121 YEAR 5 1709
Year 5  RENT ITEM PER SF   PER MO NTH 
BASE  $                 14.25  $          2,029.44 
CAM  $                   2.10  $             299.08 
Taxes  $                   0.95  $             135.30 
Insurance  $                   1.95  $             277.71 
 TOTAL   $                  19.25  $           2,741.52 

===== PAGE 28 =====


===== PAGE 29 =====
State of
Louisiana
Secretary of
State
COMMERCIAL DIVISION
225.925.4704
 
Fax Numbers
225.932.5317 (Admin. Services)
225.932.5314 (Corporations)
225.932.5318 (UCC)
Name Type City Status
ROBERTSON FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC Limited Liability Company LAFAYETTE Active
Previous Names
Business: ROBERTSON FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC
Charter Number: 42773775K
Registration Date: 8/18/2017
Domicile Address
 114 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
 LAFAYETTE, LA 70503
Mailing Address
 114 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
 LAFAYETTE, LA 70503
Status
Status: Active
Annual Report Status: In Good Standing
File Date: 8/18/2017
Last Report Filed: 7/25/2024
Type: Limited Liability Company
Registered Agent(s)
Agent: CHASITY HOOKS RICHARD
Address 1: 1017-B LAFAYETTE ST
City, State, Zip: LAFAYETTE, LA 70501
Appointment
Date: 8/18/2017
Officer(s) Additional Officers: No 
Officer: ALICIA L. ROBERTSON
Title: Manager, Member
Address 1: 114 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
City, State, Zip: LAFAYETTE, LA 70503
Officer: GREG M ROBERTSON
Title: Manager, Member
Address 1: 114 CONSTITUTION DRIVE
City, State, Zip: LAFAYETTE, LA 70503

===== PAGE 30 =====


===== PAGE 31 =====


===== PAGE 32 =====


===== PAGE 33 =====


===== PAGE 34 =====
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA
RANKED AS ONE OF AMERICA’S HAPPIEST CITIES
On The Boulevard Shopping Center, located in Lafayette, Louisiana, is a strong part of the rich Cajun culture made 
up by some of the countries happiest people. Lafayette’s geographical location is positioned on top of two major 
interstate highways, I-10 & I-49, which intersect within the city giving its signature name, The Hub City. 
Neighboring cities Baton Rouge, LA and Lake Charles, LA, along with many of the surrounding communities 
creates a trade area of about 1.1 million people. Known for its roots in oil & gas, Lafayette is quickly becoming a 
medical industry power house in South Louisiana.
Uniquely positioned in the center of the Parish of Lafayette, On The Boulevard Shopping Center is an open air 
lifestyle shopping center located at Arnould Blvd & Johnston Street. It’s visibility, accessibility, and loyal local & 
national tenants have largely contributed to its success. Many of the tenants who have multiple locations have 
stated that this center is their highest grossing location. And with recent renovations, improved curb appeal, and 
rock star tenant list, On The Boulevard Shopping Center will move with massive momentum into the next decade 
and beyond.


===== PAGE 35 =====


===== PAGE 36 =====


===== PAGE 37 =====


===== PAGE 38 =====


===== PAGE 39 =====


===== PAGE 40 =====
On The Boulevard Shopping Center is a Lafayette gem. Built in 1976 by 
the local Abdalla Family, the center has thrived through time with its 
strong local presence and centrally located placement. As the center 
enters into a new decade, investing in its future is a priority not only for 
its tenants but for the community that has supported it for years and 
have made the center a family tradition.
In late 2019, The Shops On The Boulevard entered into a full-scale 
renovation phase with a focus on providing a bright, clean, well lit 
shopping experience for its guests. A fresh paint job turned the center 
from its warm tune to a more bright color giving it a more open feel. 
New lighting systems are being added to provide a more well lit 
parking lot and to set mood the mood for varying seasonal changes 
like the Holidays. All new landscaping along with improved parking 
space visibility topped the list in the pursuit for guests comfort. 
Invested In The Future

===== PAGE 41 =====
Sources include: lafayettetravel.com and tbexcon.com
Reasons To Love Lafayette
• Cajun And Zydeco Music City
• The Epicenter Of Cajun Cuisine
• Voted Best Food City In The USA
• Ranked Happiest City In America
• Cajun & Creole Heartland Of Louisiana
• The Only Popeyes® Buffet In The World
• Host Of Festival International De Louisiane
• Home To University Of Louisiana At Lafayette
• Louisiana’s Second Largest Mardi Gras Festivities

===== PAGE 42 =====


===== PAGE 43 =====
Demographics
& Quick Facts
• 5th Largest City in Louisiana
• 1 of 10 Smaller Cities Poised to Skyrocket.
    — Realtor.com, 2018
• Ranked 6th in Largest Share of Millennial Mortgages.
    — Realtor.com, 2018
• One of the Nations Fastest, Most Affordable
   Community-owned Fiber Networks.
    — Harvard University, January 2018
• 1 of 8 Praiseworthy Low-Cost Cities for Retirement.
    — Where to Retire Magazine, 2017
• Top 10 List of Small North American Cities for Foreign Direct
   Investment Strategy. — FDI Magazine, 2017
1 Mile
3 Miles
5 Miles
Lafayette, LaLafayette, La
Youngsville, LA
Scott, LA
Maurice, LA
Carencro, LA
Breaux Bridge, LA
Broussard, LA
POPULATION 1 Mile 3 Miles 5 Miles
Total Population 12,254 73,879 135,124
Average Age 32 34 34
HOUSEHOLDS & INCOME 1 Mile 3 Miles 5 Miles
Total Households 5,412 30,759 53,995
Average Household Income $64,656 $69,428 $66,850
Average House Value $234,035 $202,374 $184,823

===== PAGE 44 =====
Cajun Dome
Gol/f_balls.com
Moncus Park
About one half mile from On 
The Boulevard Shopping 
Center sits Moncus Park, a 
large, 100-acre developing 
park with a wetland pond, 
boardwalk, large hills, 
walking paths, and large oak 
trees. A local gem preserved 
through a community effort.
Lafayette High School
Located within walking distance 
from On The Boulevard 
Shopping Center is one of the 
largest, comprehensive, 
multi-ethnic high schools in the 
state of Louisiana. Students 
frequent the center after school 
to enjoy wind down time with 
friends. 

===== PAGE 45 =====


===== PAGE 46 =====
TENANTS
JASON’S DELI
THE PINK PAISLEY
1ST FRANKLIN FINANCIAL
AUTO TITLE EXPRESS
SNEAKER POLITICS
OUPAC FINANCIAL SERVICES
ELLE RAE BOUTIQUE
LOLA PINK FABRICS
CAT CLINIC OF LAFAYETTE
VICTORIA NAILS
CLOTHING LOFT
BELLA GRACE PAPER
JC KATE BOUTIQUE
HERSHEY’S
GREAT AMERICAN COOKIE
NEXT LEVEL FITNESS

===== PAGE 47 =====
Jason’s Deli
Family owned and community focused, Jason’s Deli serves 
guests at 275 delis in 28 states. Around here, a lot of 
thought goes into what we put in our food, and what we 
take out of it. Get to know our wholesome ingredients and 
the trusted partners we get them from.
The Pink Paisley
A gift boutique with two locations serving the Lafayette 
area. We offer the lasest in home, gift, and accessories. 
Personalization offered on many of our items!

===== PAGE 48 =====
1st Franklin Financial
1st Franklin Financial Corporation is in the business of 
helping our friends and neighbors make their way through 
life with the dignity and respect they deserve.
We’re not a payday lender and we don’t offer loans 
secured against a customer’s next paycheck. We offer 
customers short and long term installment loans with 
payment plans that ﬁt each customer’s need.
Auto Title Express
Auto Title Express (formerly Casey & Casey) is a 
full-service, licensed and bonded Public Tag Agency of the 
Louisiana Ofﬁce of Motor Vehicles. From motor vehicle 
registration and title, to driver’s license and identiﬁcation, 
to a full menu of boat and personal watercraft services – 
we possess the knowledge and experience to help meet 
your needs and transform your licensing and registration 
experiences. We’re proud to have provided superior 
service and dedication to our customers in communities 
across the state since 1957.

===== PAGE 49 =====
Sneaker Politics
Founded in 2006, Sneaker Politics offers the latest in 
sneakers & clothing with stores in Lafayette, Baton Rouge, 
New Orleans, Austin, TX, and Dallas, TX.
Oupac Financial Services
Since 1990, Oupac has been helping families get the 
money they need when they need it. Consolidate bills, 
make home or auto repairs, go on vacation, or even buy a 
car. Whatever your ﬁnancial needs may be, we are here to 
help. Contact one of our six locationsthroughout
South Louisiana.

===== PAGE 50 =====
Elle Rae Boutique
Clothing boutique, located in lafayette, louisiana 
specializing in women’s tops, bottoms, dresses, denim, 
shoes, jumpsuits & rompers, rompers, casual dresses, 
tanks, and more.
Lola Pink Fabrics
Lola Pink Fabrics is a modern fabric shop located in the 
heart of Lafayette, Louisiana. Lola Pink is owned by the 
mother-daughter team consisting of Janet (mom) and 
Jennifer (daughter). We have a serious love of fabrics and 
making cute things. We carry modern fabrics, boutique 
patterns of all kinds, and a wide range of notions.

===== PAGE 51 =====
Cat Clinic of Lafayette
At the Cat Clinic of Lafayette, we strive to care for all 
felines as if they were our own. To us, this means we are 
going to give them the same love, attention, and care as 
though we were their owner. We are a team of animal 
lovers here to give our patients the attention and care 
they deserve.
Victoria Nails
Here at Victoria Nails, we provide you professional 
pedicure & manicure services all with a warm smile.

===== PAGE 52 =====
Clothing Loft
Lafayette's most High-End Consignment shop for Women! 
/Luxury Resale boutique- Handbags, Shoes, Jewelry, 
Sunglasses, Clothing, Belts, Furs, Scarves, childrens 
clothing& more... Chanel, Louis Vuttion, Kate Spade, Tory 
Burch, Brahmin, Gucci, Kendra Scott, Stella & Dot, 
Mignonfaget Jewelery, Tiffany & Co.. etc.
Bella Grace Paper
Bella Grace Paper + Gifts is owned and operated by Stacie 
Keller and her fantastically supportive husband, David 
Keller.
Bella Grace Paper + Gifts is committed to delivering 
outstanding customer service. It is Keller's goal to make 
every visit, every call and every online experience a 
celebration. 

===== PAGE 53 =====
JC Kate Boutique
Welcome to the World of JC Kate, where Affordable 
meets Fashionable! Browse our store to ﬁnd the perfect 
outﬁt for your fashionista with sizes ranging from Infant to 
Tween. Conﬁdently shop the cutest kids clothes and 
accessories around at affordable prices.
Hershey’s/Great American Cookie
Hershey’s® Ice Cream makes all of our mixes from fresh, 
wholesome ingredients. Fresh cream and fresh condensed 
milk is delivered to our plant on a daily basis! To ensure 
our quality, we use the highest quality of cocoa available 
anywhere.
We are still the home of the original Cookie Cake, just 
re-imagined with life’s sweet moments as our inspiration. 
At Great American Cookies, we believe that pure, simple 
delight is part of living a full life.

===== PAGE 54 =====
Next Level Fitness
Health & ﬁtness center offering training programs along 
with specialized protein smoothies, coffee, energy teas, 
and other healthly meal replacement options.

===== PAGE 55 =====
Visit us at Belle-Realty.com & shopontheblvd.com
For more retail information and leasing opportunities,
call Belle Realty of Lafayette, LLC at 337-769-1554, visit Belle-Realty.com
or email us at info@belle-realty.com.
P.O. Box 62230 Lafayette, LA 70596
Belle Realty of Lafayette, LLC
Belle-Realty.com shopontheblvd.com

===== PAGE 56 =====


===== PAGE 57 =====


===== PAGE 58 =====


===== PAGE 59 =====


===== PAGE 60 =====


===== PAGE 61 =====


===== PAGE 62 =====


===== PAGE 63 =====


===== PAGE 64 =====


===== PAGE 65 =====


===== PAGE 66 =====


===== PAGE 67 =====
UNIT NAME OF ACCOUNT
(Match CO)
ELECTRIC
METER
WATER
METER
METER
SIZE
APPROXIMATE
LOCATION
ELECTRIC
METER
PLAT 
LOCATION
HOUSE 101 Belle Realty (Sprinkler) E1242388 W1217102 1 inch Grass near Blvd
HOUSE 125 Belle Realty E1103767
HOUSE 137 Belle Realty E1268329
101 Vacant / Belle E1103824 W1204084 3/4" Behind 105
103 Pink Paisley W1200836 3/4" Behind 105
105 Pink Paisley E1103827 W1222193 3/4" Behind 107
107 Hershey's E1103814 W1248504 3/4" Behind 109
109  JC Kate E1103813 W1206964 3/4" Behind 109
111 Bella Grace E1103812 W1203728 3/4" Behind 109
113 Graze Acadiana E1214708 W1252003 3/4" Behind 109
113 Graze Acadiana W1202593 1 inch Behind 119
115 Vacant / Belle E1103815 W1276245 3/4" Behind 119
117 The Clothing Loft E1103848 W1277282 1 inch Behind 119
117.5 Victoria Nails E1103851 W1214160 3/4" Behind 119
119 Vacant / Belle E1103850 W1219561 3/4" Behind 119
119.5 Cat Clinic E1103849 W1248531 3/4" Behind 119
121 Lola Pink Fabrics E1103844 W1261861 3/4" Behind 119
123 Lola Pink Fabrics E1220613 W1276858 3/4" ?
125 Elle Rae Boutique E1103845 W1210783 1 1/2" Behind 131
127 Elle Rae Boutique E1103846 W1273864 3/4" Behind 131
129 Oupac E1103847 W1243719 3/4" Behind 131
131-133 Politics E1103764 W1204099 3/4' Behind 131
135A Edge Yoga E1246693 W1263981 3/4" Back Right of 149
135B Vacant / Belle E1246694 W1217175 1 inch Back Right of 149
137 Vacant / Belle E1246695 W1252591 3/4" Right of 149
139 Dealer Track E1246658 W1264168 3/4" Right of 149
141 Dealer Track E1246659 W1260034 3/4" Right of 149
143 1st Franklin E1246657 W1203617 3/4" Right of 149
145 Blvd. Nutrition E1103762 W1267364 3/4" Right of 149
149 Jason's Deli E1214707 W1217545 1 inch Right of 149

===== PAGE 68 =====


===== PAGE 69 =====


===== PAGE 70 =====


===== PAGE 71 =====


===== PAGE 72 =====


===== PAGE 73 =====


===== PAGE 74 =====


===== PAGE 75 =====


===== PAGE 76 =====


===== PAGE 77 =====


===== PAGE 78 =====
