thereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Guarantor hereby wai

s, to the fullest extent permitted by
Jaw, diligence in collecting by the Lessor, presentment, demand for payment, protest, all notices with respect to the Lease
and this Guaranty which may be required by statute, rule of law or otherwise to preserve Lessor’s rights against Guarantor
under this Guaranty, including notice of acceptance, notice of any amendment of the Lease, notice of the occurrence of
any default under the Lease, notice of dishonor and notice of protest. Guarantor also waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, all rights to require Lessor to (a) proceed against Lessce (b) proceed against or exhaust any collateral
held by Lessor to secure the performance of Lessee under the Lease, or (c) pursue any other remedy it may now of
hereafter have against Lessee. In addition, Guarantor waives the benefit of any tight of discharge under Louisiana law
and all other rights of sureties and guarantors thereunder.

5. __Atany time or from time to time and any number of times, without notice to Guarantor and without affecting
the liability of Guarantor, (a) the time for payment of the amounts due under the Lease may be extended or the Lease
may be renewed in whole or in part; or (b) the time for Lessee’s performance of or compliance with any covenant or
agreement contained in the Lease, whether presently existing or hereinafter entered into, may be extended or such
performance or compliance may be waived.

6. Guarantor shall have no right of, and hereby waives any claim for, subrogation ot reimbursement against Less
by eason of any payment by Guarantor under this Guaranty, whether such right or claim atises at law or in equity or
under any contract or statute, until all amounts due under the Lease have been paid in full and there has expired the
maximum possible period thereafter during which any payment made by Lessee to Lessor with respect to the Lease could
be deemed a preference under the United States Bankruptey Code.

7. If any payment by Lessee is held to constitute a preference under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or
similar laws, or if for any other reason Lessor is required to refund any sums to Lessee, such refund shall not constitute
a release of any liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty. Itis the intention of Lessor and Guarantor that Guarantor’s
obligations under this Guaranty shall not be discharged except by Guarantor’s performance of such obligations and then
only to the extent of such performance.

8 Guarantor shall from time to time, upon request by Lessor, deliver to Lessor such financial statements as Lessor
may reasonably require

9, Lessor may assign its rights under this Guaranty in whole or in part and, upon any such assignment, all the terms
and provisions of this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of such assignee to the extent so assigned. The terms used to
designate any of the parties herein shall be deemed to include the heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of
such parties.

10. ‘THIS GUARANTY AND THE LEASE REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN
THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR,
CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN
ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN

THE PARTIES. All prior or contemporancous agreements, understandings, representations, and statements, oral or
written, are merged into this Guaranty and the Lease. Guarantor acknowledges that it has received a copy of the Lease.
Neither this Guaranty nor any of its provisions may be waived, modified, amended, discharged, or terminated except by
an agreement in writing signed by the party against which the enforcement of the waiver, modification, amendment,
discharge, or termination is sought, and then only to the extent set forth in that agreement,

Lessor’s Initials as Page 15 of 30 Lessee’s Initials yy

B
