compensation (including employment taxes and benefits) of all persons who perform duties
connected with the operation and maintenance of the Common Area and any other
reasonable costs incurred by the Lessor with respect to the Common Area and not otherwise
reimbursed by the Lessee hereunder. Common Area shall mean all areas, space, equipment
and special services provided by the Lessor for the common or joint use and benefit of the
Lessee and other tenants, their employees, agents, servants, suppliers, customers and other
invitees, including but not limited to retaining walls, fences, landscaped areas, parking areas,
curbs, driveways, sidewalks, private roads, green spaces, landscape areas, patios, service areas
and all common areas and other areas all as shown on the site plan attached hereto as Schedule

B.

‘Tax and Insurance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion
of the annual charges incurred by the Lessor for taxes and insurance coverage for the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property (“Taxes and Insurance Charges”). ‘Tax charges shall
include all real property taxes, personal property taxes, improvement bonds and other charges
or assessments which are levied upon or with respect to the Boulevard Shopping Center
Property, including any increase in such taxes or a reassessment of the value of the Boulevard
Shopping Center Property, license fees, or other taxes or fees levied in connection with the
Lessor's leasing or rental of the Boulevatd Shopping Center Property, but shall not include
any federal or state income tax imposed upon the Lessor. Insurance charges shall include the
cost of any insurance obtained by the Lessor in connection with the Boulevard Shopping
Center Property, including but not limited to fire, casualty and liability insurance policies.

Payment of Additional Rent. Beginning with the Commencement Date, and continuing on
the first day of each calendar month thereafter, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as
Additional Rent, one twelfth of the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Common Area
Maintenance Charges and one twelfth of the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Taxes and
Insurance Charges as set forth herein. ‘The parties agree that the Common Area Maintenance
Charges for the period beginning on the Commencement Date of this Agreement is $2.10 per
square foot of each premises annually, payable monthly as provided herein. The parties agree
that the Taxes and Insurance Charges for the period beginning with the Commencement Date
of this Agreement is $1.90 per square foot of the Premises annually, payable monthly as
provided herein.

Premises 1 & Premises 2 : Fai e oe ee
9928
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
COMMON AREA MAINTENANCE
CHARGE $ 0.00 $ 0.00

Page 4 of 23

Lessor’s Initials

Lessee’s Initial,
