the dimensions set forth thereon. Said Premises has a municipal address of 135A
Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506. (“Premises”).

Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premis:
the building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or warranty by
Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition
of the Premises.

s, including

Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Prem
Purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with
requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined

ses for any

its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee
hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and isting
conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowl edges and agrees that the Premises is being leased
Is
the risk that its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by

° with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes

to, and accepted by Lessce in its present condition “/

its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Le

ssee accepts the
Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and each
and every acceptance thereof and Les:

ee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as a Barber Shop along with related services,

products and general office space and Lessee agrees that any change in the use of the Premises shall require the

prior written consent of the Lessor. Lessee acknowledges and agrees that:

(0)

(ii)

(iv)

s a delicatessen

‘The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof
or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or whose prima

y menu
items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one ot more of said items; and

The Premises shall not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as a veterinary
clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.

\ retail boutique for the sale of items including, but not limited to clothing, gifts, accessories, home
goods, monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.

\ 24 hour Infrared Sauna Hot ercise studio featuring infrared heat and virtual instruction with
ancillary high intensity interval training sessions and other ancillary purposes such as the retail sale of
fitness related products and vending machines selling fitness related vitamins and beverages.

Lessor’s tite 7

Lessee’s Initials
Page 2 of 27
