UNIT 135A MONTH 56-79 1580
Feb. 29 - Jan 31

PER MONTH

$ 1,645.83

$ 2,304.17

TOTAL $

Additioi ssor, as additional rent

Re During the Initial Term, the Le:

Additional Rent. ce shall pay to the Le
(“Additional Rent”), the following amounts.

Common Area Maintenance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion
of the Common Area (as hereinafter defined) maintenance charges (“Common Area Maintenance

Charges”). The Common Area Maintenance Char;

hall mean the aggregate of all costs and expenses

payable by Lessor in connection with the operation and maintenance of the Common Area in the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including but not limited to lan
maintenance costs (including repairing, resurfacing, cleaning and striping), utility
sewer, electricity and gas), security system costs, life and safety systems costs, electronic monitoring
system costs, compensation (including employment taxes and benefits) of all persons who perform
duties connected with the operation and maintenance of the Common Area and any other reasonable

‘aping costs, parking area

costs (including water,

costs incurred by the Lessor with respect to the Common Area and not otherwise reimbursed by the
Lessee hereunder. Common Area shall'mean all areas, space, equipment and special services provided
by the L
agents, servants, suppliers, customers and other invitees, including bur not limited to retaining walls,

‘or for the common or joint use and benefit of the Lessee and other tenants, their employees;

fences, landscaped areas, parking areas, curbs, driveways, sidewalks, private roads, green spaces,
landscape areas, patios, service areas and all common ateas and other areas all as shown on the site plan
attached hereto as Shedile B.

Tax and Insurance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the
annual charges incurred by the Lessor for taxes and insurance coverage for the Boulevard Shopping
Center Property (“Taxes and Insurance Charges”). ‘Tax charges s
personal property taxes, improvement bonds and other charges or assessments which are levied upon
ot with respect to the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including any increase in such taxes or a
reassessment of the value of the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, license fees, or other taxes or

all include all real property taxe

fees levied in connection with the Lessor's leasing or rental of the Boulevard Shopping Center Property,
but shall not include any federal or state income tax imposed upon the Lessor. Insurance charges shall
include the cost of any insurance obtained by the Lessor in connection with the Boulevard Shopping
Center Property, including but not limited to fire, casualty and liability insurance policies.

Payment of Additional Rent, Beginning on Janua

calendar month thereafter, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor,

1, 2025 and continuing on the first day of each
s Additional Rent, one twelfth of the
Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Common Area Maintenance Charges and one twelfth of the Lesse

Pro Rata Portion of the ‘Taxes and Insurance Charges as set forth herein.

Lessor’s Initials 5
Lessee’s Initials < 2

Page 4 of 27
