DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F5E21F8-8A4D-4EFE-89FB-AB209F43B712

One Thousand Seven Hundred Eighty-Nine (1789) squate feet located in the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property

s shown on the plat attached hereto as
Schedule A and having the dimensions set forth thereon, Schedule A and
having the dimensions set forth thereon, Said Premises has municipal
addresses of 129 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506.

B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including
the building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or warranty by
Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition
of the Premises.

Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any
purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof, Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with
requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined
its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee
hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and existing
conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased
to, and accepted by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes
the risk that its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by
its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts
the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and

each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as a 24 hour Infrared Sauna Hot Exercise studio
featuring infrared heat and virtual instruction with ancillary high intensity interval training sessions and other
ancillary purposes such as the retail sale of fitness related products and vending machines selling fitness
related vitamins and beverages, and Lessee agrees that any change in the use of the Premises shall require the
prior written consent of the Lessor.

Provided that: (a) this Lease has not been terminated; (b) Lessee is not in default of this Lease beyond applicable
‘or agrees

notice and cure periods; (¢) Lessee opens to the public at the Premises for the permitted Use, L
that it shall not voluntarily enter into any lease agreement giving a third party the right to operate in the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property, a business whose primary business would be a sauna studio, sweat studio,
hot yoga or Pilates programs. Lessor further agrees not to lease space in the Shopping Center to any fitness or
in size. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing shall prohibit or impair
s center occupying over 5,000 square feet of space, provided that the same

exercise center 5,000 square feet or le:
the operation of a “big box” fitness

