GUARANTY

‘This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is entered into as of the day of 2024, by the undersigned
(the “Guarantor” whether one or more), for the benefit of BELLE REALTY OF LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Louisiana
limited liability company (the “Lessor”.

RECITALS

THE TUX SHOPPE, LLC, a Louisiana limited liab’ ity company , whose current mailing address is
123 Arnould Blvd., Lafayette, Louisiana 70506 and being represented herein by its Managing Membets, Luke
Benton and Kirk Boudreaux, (the “Lessee”), has entered into a certain Lease Agreement of even date herewith
(“Lease”) by and between Lessor and Lessee, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

B. Guarantor has an economic interest in Lessee or will otherwise obtain a material financial benefit from the Lease.

G. Asa condition to entering into the Lease with Lessee, Lessor requires that the Guarantor execute this Guaranty.

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce I ¢

Guarantor agrees as follows:

or to enter into the Lease with the Lessee, and in consideration thereo

1. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease.

2. Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarante

to Lessor the full and prompt payment
when due, whether at maturity or earlier, and at all times until this Guaranty is terminated or released under the terms
hereof, and the full and prompt performance when due, of all of the following:

(a) The payment, by the Lessee, when due, of all amounts due under the Lease.

(b) ‘The prompt performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the Lease by the
Lessee and the prompt performance by the Lessee of all of its obligations pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Lease.

(c) All costs and expenses, including reasonable fees and out of pocket expenses of attorneys and expert
witnesses, incurred by Lessor in enforcing its rights under this Guaranty.

3. Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty constitute an unconditional guaranty of payment and performance
and not merely a guaranty of collection.

4. The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be performed without demand by Lessor and shall be
unconditional and without regard to any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable
discharge of a surety or a guarantor. Guarantor hereby waives the benefit of all principles or provisions of law, statutory
or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms of this Guaranty and agtees that Guarantor’s obligations
shall not be affected by any circumstances, whether or not referred to in this Guaranty, which might otherwise constitute
a legal or equitable discharge of a surety of a guarantor. Guarantor hereby waives the benefits of any right of discharge
under any and all statutes or other laws relating to guarantors or sureties and any other rights of sureties and guarantors

Lessor’s Initials Page 14 030 Lessee’s Initials WA : >
