GUARANTY

a po of

This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is entered into as of the _// day of Die) 2021, but effective
for all purposes as of January 1, 2021 by the undersigned (the “Guarantor” whether ne ot more), for the
benefit of BELLE REALTY OF LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company (the
“Lessor’). 3 : :

RECITALS

A. GRAZE ACADIANA, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, whose mailing address during the
term of this Lease shall be 113 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506 (the “Lessee”), has entered
into a certain Lease Agreement of even date herewith (“Lease”) by and between Lessor and Lessee, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

B. Guarantor has an economic interest in Lessee or will otherwise obtain a material financial benefit from
the Lease.

Sc: As a condition to entering into the Lease with Lessee, Lessor requires that the Guarantor execute this
Guaranty.

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce L
consideration thereof, Guarantor agrees as follows:

or to enter into the Lease with the Lessee, and in

1 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Lease.
2. Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Lessor the full and prompt

payment when due, whether at maturity or earlier, and at all times until this Guaranty is terminated or released
under the terms hereof, and the full and prompt performance when due, of all of the following:

(a) The payment, by the Lessee, when due, of all amounts due under the Lease.
(b) The prompt performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the

Lease by the Lessee and the prompt performance by the Lessee of all of its obligations pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Leas

e.

(c) All costs and expenses, including reasonable fees and out of pocket expenses of attorneys and
expert witnesses, incurred by Lessor in enforcing its rights under this Guaranty.

3. Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty constitute an unconditional guaranty of payment and
performance and not merely a guaranty of collection.

Page 1 of 5
