Lessee shall not burn any trash or garbage of any kind in or about the Premises, the Shopping Center, or within
one mile of the outside property lines of the Shopping Center.

Lessee and Lessee’s employ

shall park their cars only in those parking areas designated for that purpose by
Lessor.

Lessee shall not make noises, cause disturbances, or create odors, which may be offensi
the Shopping Center or their officers, employees, agents, servants, customers or invitees.

¢ to other tenants of

ssce shall not place any type or kind of electrical power extension cord or light fixture outside of the Premises.
The Lessee shall use only UL approved, ground faulted power strips to facilitate electrical power sources within
the Premises.

Less

‘¢ shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, hang or cause to be hung, any banner, sign,
(including the lattice which is part of the building

display or any other items of any kind outside of the Premis
in which the Premises is located).

Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, stand, erect, construct or otherwise place any
display or any other thing of any kind whatsoever in front of the Premises.

Lessee’s business operation located within the Premises shall be open for business a minimum of five (5) days
per each calendar week, Monday through and including Friday. In addition, such business operation shall be
open during those days at least from 10:00 a.m. cach day to 5:00 p.m. each day. Nothing contained herein shall
prevent the Lessee from opening for business on Saturday or Sunday of cach calendar week. In the event the
Lessee’s business operations do not, for any reason, remain open for retail business as set forth herein, the
¢ shall be subject to a fine by the Lessor in any amount not to exceed $100.00 for each occurrence. Further
provided, in the event of five (5) or more such occurrences within any twelve (12) month period, the Lessor
shall have the right, in addition to all other remedies contained herein to terminate this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Lessee shall not be obligated to be open for
business on the following holidays: New Years Day, Mardi Gras Day, Easter Sunday, Thanksgiving Day and
Christmas Day.

s which is visible from
including the
adjustment of such time to reflect daylight savings time and standard time and to compensate for any power
outages which may have affected such clock or time keeping device.

In the event the Lessee displays any clock or other time keeping device on the Prem:
the exterior, the same shall be maintained in a manner to display the accurate time at all time:

In the event the Lessee displays or otherwise employs a sign which is lighted by electrical current or otherwise,
then the Lessee shall ensure that such signs are lighted as of dusk each day (adjusted for seasonal changes in
such time) and remain lighted until midnight each day.

Lessor’s Initials Page 10 of 30 Lessee’ Initials Kf
