Upon commencement of this Agreement, the Lessee and the Lessor shall execute a written
memorandum in substantially the form attached hereto as Schedule F setting forth the
Commencement Date.

Section 4.01 - Rent:

A.

Base Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a base rent which
is calculated as follows (“Base Rent”):

Years | through and including 5 of the Initial Term $4,125.00 per month
Years 6 through and including 10 of the Initial Term $4,500.00 per month

Additional Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as
additional rent ("Additional Rent"), the following amounts.

1,

Common Area Maintenance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the
Lessee's Pro Rata Portion (as hereinafter defined) of the Common Area (as
hereinafter defined) maintenance charges ("Common Area Maintenance
Charges"). The Common Area Maintenance Charge shall mean the aggregate of
all costs and expenses payable by Lessor in connection with the operation and
maintenance of the Common Area in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property,
including but not limited to landscaping costs, parking area maintenance costs
(including repairing, resurfacing, cleaning and striping), utility costs (including
water, sewer, electricity and gas), security system costs, life and safety systems
costs, electronic monitoring system costs, compensation (including employment
taxes and benefits) of all persons who perform duties connected with the
operation and maintenance of the Common Area and any other reasonable costs
incurred by the Lessor with respect to the Common Area and not otherwise
reimbursed by the Lessee hereunder. Common Area shall mean all areas, space,
equipment and special services provided by the Lessor for the common or joint
use and benefit of the Lessee and other tenants, their employees, agents,
servants, suppliers, customers and other invitees, including but not limited to
retaining walls, fences, landscaped areas, parking areas, curbs, driveways,
sidewalks, private roads, green spaces, landscape areas, patios, service areas and
all common areas and other areas all as shown on the site plan attached hereto as
Schedule C.

Tax and Insurance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessee's Pro
Rata Portion (as hereinafter defined) of the annual charges incurred by the
Lessor for taxes and insurance coverage for the Boulevard Shopping Center
Property (“Taxes and Insurance Charges”). Tax charges shall include all real
property taxes, personal property taxes, improvement bonds and other charges
or assessments which are levied upon or with respect to the Bouleyard pit
Lessor’s Initials 4

Lessee’s Initials.

CALEASES\LAFAYETTE\Lease Agreement.doc Page 5 of 37
