SCHEDULE C

THE BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER PROPERTY

RULES AND REGULATIONS

All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at such times, in the areas, and through the entrances,
designated for such purposes by Lessor.

The delivery or shipping of merchandise, supplies, and fixtures to and from the Premises shall be subject to
such rules and regulations, which in the sole judgment of Lessor are necessary for the proper operation of the
Premises or the Boulevard Shopping Center (the “Shopping Center”).

All garbage and refuse shall be kept in the kind of container ot receptacle specified by Lessor, and shall be
placed in the area outside of the Premises prepared for collection in the manner and at the times and places
specified by Lessor.

No radio or television or other similar device shall be installed without first obtaining, in each instance,
Lessor’s prior consent in writing. No aerial or antenna of any kind shall be erected on the roof or exterior
walls of the Premises, the building in which the Premises is located or on the grounds of the Shopping
Center, without, in each instance, the prior written consent of the Lessor. Any aerial or antenna so installed
without such written consent shall be subject to removal by the Lessor without notice at any time.

No loud speakers, televisions, phonographs, radios, or other devices shall be used in a manner so as to be
heard or seen outside of the Premises without the prior written consent of Lessor.

If the Premises are equipped with heating facilities separate from those in the remainder of the Shopping
Center, Lessee, during winter months shall keep the Premises heated at a temperature sufficient to prevent
freezing of water in pipes and fixtures located within the Premises.

The exterior areas immediately adjoining the Premises shall be kept clean and free from snow, ice, dirt, trash,
refuse and rubbish by Lessee to the satisfaction of Lessor, and Lessee shall not place or permit any
obstruction or merchandise in such areas.

The plumbing facilities within the Premises shall not be used for any other purpose than that for which they
are designed, and no foreign substance of any kind shall be thrown therein, and the expense of any breakage,

stoppage, or damage resulting from a violation of this provision shall be borne by Lessee.

Lessee shall use, at Lessee’s cost, a qualified pest extermination contractor, whose services shall be scheduled
80 as not to reasonably interfere with the operation of the Shopping Center.

Lessee shall not burn any trash or garbage of any kind in or about the Premises, the Shopping Center, or
within one mile of the outside property lines of the Shopping Center.

Lessee and Lessee’s employees shall park their cars only in those parking areas designa ted that purpose by

Lessor’s Initial
Lessee’s Initials 1e

Page 22 of 29
