and

‘Two ‘Thousand Five Hundred ‘Thitty-Eight square feet (2,538) located in the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property as shown on the plat attached hereto as
Schedule A and having the dimensions set forth thereon. Said Premis'
municipal address of 127 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506
(hereinafter called “Premises 2”)

have a

collectively Premises 1, Premises 2, total 4273 square feet and are hereinafter jointly
9)

referred to as the “Premises”.

Ss.

B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has in
the building and improvements, in its pre:

ected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including
ent state and without any representation or warranty by

Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition

of the Premises.

Cc. Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any
purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with
requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined
its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee
hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and existing
conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased
to, and accepted by Lessce in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes
the risk that its adverse phy
its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts
the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and
each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

sical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by

Section 2.01 - Use:

Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as a clothing boutique specializing in the sale of
women’s clothing and fashion accessories. Lessee agrees that any change in the use of Premises shall require
the prior written consent of the Lessor.

I'he Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as:

i) A delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or whose
primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or more of said items.
ii) A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.

iii) A retail boutique whose primary business is the sale of items including home goods, monogrammed
and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.

Lessor’s Initials @ Page 2 of 28 Lessee’s Initials
