DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F5E21F8-8A4D-4EFE-89FB-AB209F 438712

may not offer fitness, Pilates or hot yoga programs featuring heat (infrated or otherwise) in combination with
such programs as the primary use.

‘The prohibition described herein shall not apply to: (a) any Lessee or successor to Lessee whose lease, including
any renewal or extension, is in effect prior to the Effective Date; (b) any business who manufactures goods or
equipment; (c) the operation of a “big box” fitness center occupying over 5,000 square feet of space, provided
that the same may not offer fitness, Pilates or hot yoga programs featuring heat (infrared or otherwise) in
combination with such programs as the primary use.

Should any other Lessee or occupant at the Shopping Center violate the exclusive use rights granted to Lessee
by this Section, Lessor shall take reasonable and prudent actions Lessor, in its sole discretion, deems necessary
to be taken to cause the offending Lessee or occupant to cease its violation. Should, within a reasonable time
after Lessee has given Lessor notice of an alleged breach thereof by such other Lessee or occupant, Lessor fail
to proceed as provided in the previous sentence, Lessee, as its sole remedy, may proceed against that Lessee or
occupant, in its own name, and at its own expense, to obtain injunctive relief against the offending Lessee
and/or to obtain monetary damages from the offending Lessee or occupant, unless Lessor has failed to include
Lessee’s exclusive in the offending Lessee’s lease, in which case Lessee may proceed against Lessor. Lessor
agrees to cooperate with Lessee in any such action, but Lessee shall reimburse Lessor for any out-of-pocket
expense incurred by Lessor in so doing,

The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as:

i) A delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or whose
primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or more of said items.

ii) A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.

iii) A retail boutique for the sale of items including, but not limited to clothing, gifts, accessories, home
goods, monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.

Section 3.01 - Terr
‘The term of this Agreement shall commence on March 1, 2024 (‘Commencement Date”) and shall expire at
midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time August 31, 2029 (“Initial Term”).

Section 4.01 - Rent:

A. Premises Base Rent, During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a monthly base rent

for the Premises, which is calculated as follows and depicted below in the column labeled “BASE”:

D8.

gc)
age 3.0637 reseestrinis | AR | OR

Lessor’s Initials

