DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F5E21F8-8A4D-4EFE-89FB-AB209F43B7 12

GUARANTY
This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is entered into as of the 19th day of _March 2024, by the

undersigned (the “Guarantor” whether one or more), for the benefit of BELLE REALTY OF
LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Louisiana limited liability company (the “Lessor”).

RECITALS

A. LEXI INVESTMENTS 2, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, d/b/a HOTWORX®, whose
current mailing address is 1809 Newbury Court, Harvey, LA 70058 and being represented herein by its
alexis ptch Dennis Richard (hereinafter referred to as , (the “Lessee”), has entered
into a certain Lease Agreement of even date herewith (“Lease”) by and between Lessor and Lessee, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

B. Guarantor has an economic interest in Lessee or will otherwise obtain a material financial benefit from

the Lease.

C. — Asacondition to entering into the Lease with Lessee, Lessor requires that the Guarantor execute this
Guaranty.

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Lessor to enter into the Lease with the Lessee, and in
consideration thereof, Guarantor agrees as follows:

1. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings assigned to them in

the Lease.

2. Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Lessor the full and prompt
yment when due, whether at maturity or earlier, and at all times until this Guaranty is terminated or released
under the terms hereof, and the full and prompt performance when due, of all of the following:

(a) The payment, by the Lessee, when due, of all amounts due under the Lease.

(b) ‘The prompt performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the
Lease by the Lessee and the prompt performance by the Lessee of all of its obligations pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Lease.

(c) All costs and expenses, including reasonable fees and out of pocket expenses of attorneys and
expert witnesses, incurred by Lessor in enforcing its rights under this Guaranty.

3. Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty constitute an unconditional guaranty of payment and
performance and not merely a guaranty of collection.

¥
e,
Lesor's nats —_ Page 33 of 37 esee'siniias | AR | O/R

