B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including the
building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or warranty by Lessor whatever as to
the condition of the Premises, except as may be provided for elsewhere herein. Lessor shall not be responsible for
the condition of the Premises, except as may be provided for elsewhere herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing or
anything to the contrary contained herein, the Premises shall be delivered with: (i) all of its systems for the Premises,
including mechanical (e.g. HVAC), plumbing, electrical and structural systems, in good working order; (ii) no cracks
and/or damage to the plate glass and/or windows for the Premises; and (iii) with all entry and egress doors and
applicable hardware at the Premises in good working order ((i), (ii), and (iii) collectively, “Lessor’s Work”).

Cc. Except as provided for elsewhere herein, Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the
suitability of the Premises for any purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee
acknowledges that it has inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance
with requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined its
existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of the Premises as
it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement, subject to any representations of Lessor
herein. Lessee hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and existing
conditions of the Premises, subject to any representations of Lessor herein. Except as provided for
elsewhere herein, Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased to, and accepted
by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes the risk that its adverse physical
characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by its inspection or investigation of the Premises.

D. For purposes of this Lease, the “Delivery Date” shall be the later of: (i) the date when this Lease is fully
executed and delivered to Lessee, and all keys to the Premises required for possession by Lessee thereof have been
offered to Lessee or its contractor and the same have been noticed thereof; or (ii) the date Lessor’s Work, as
hereinafter defined, is completed. Lessor understands and acknowledges that timely delivery of the Premises with
Lessor’s Work completed and free of any prior tenant’s occupancy or right to possession is a material consideration
for Lessee to enter into this Lease. Therefore, if the Premises are not delivered to Lessee with Lessor’s Work
completed and free of any prior tenant’s occupancy or right to possession within thirty (30) days of the date this
Lease is fully executed, then Lessee may, but shall not be obligated to, terminate the Lease solely at its option and
without penalty by giving Lessor written notice of such election to terminate the Lease.

Section 2.01 - Use:

Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof solely for outpatient rehabilitation services (including,
but not limited to, physical, occupational, speech and vestibular therapy). Lessee agrees that any change in the
use of Premises shall require the prior written consent of the Lessor. All operations shall be conducted in a manner
consistent with first-class standards and in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations.

Lessor hereby grants to Lessee an exclusive right within the Boulevard Shopping Center Property to use the
Premises for outpatient rehabilitation services (including, but not limited to, physical, occupational, speech and
vestibular therapy). Lessor shall not lease or permit any other tenant within the Boulevard Shopping Center
Property to operate a business providing any such outpatient rehabilitation services during the term of this Lease
and any renewal thereof. This exclusivity shall apply only to the Boulevard Shopping Center Property and shall
not extend to any contiguous or adjacent properties not part of the Boulevard Shopping Center Property.

Lessor represents and warrants that there are no restrictions or prohibitions applicable to the Premises and/or the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property which would restrict or prohibit Lessee's use for such outpatient
rehabilitation services.

Lessor’s Initials a Page 2 of 29 Lessee’s Initials
