Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition
of the Premises.

D. Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any
putpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with
requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined
its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee
hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and existing
conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowledges and agtees that the Premises is being leased
to, and accepted by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes
the risk that its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by
its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts
the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and each
and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof for the operation of a painting gift store selling
pottery, clay, ceramics classes and related items and Lessee agrees that any change in the use thereof shall requite
the prior written consent of Lessor. In the event Lessor is considering executing a lease agreement for space
in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property with a potential tenant whose primary business in the sale of gifts
similar to those sold by Lessee would be in competition with Lessee, as detetmined in Lessor’s reasonable
discretion, Lessor shall give verbal notice to Lessee and agrees to discuss the same with Lessee ptior to executing
any such Lease Agreement.

The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as:

i) A delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations ate the same ot similar to a Jason’s Deli ot whose
primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or more of said items.

ii) A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.

iii) A retail boutique for the sale of items including, but not limited to clothing, gifts, accessories, home
goods, monogrammed and/or petsonalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry

Section 3.01 - Term: ©)
wt

The term of this Agreement shall commence on December 1,204 (“Commencement Date”) and shall expire

at midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time on Ma a 200 (‘Initial Term”).
lc Zt , 200
Lessor’s Initials p

Lessee’s Initials OO

Page 2 of 31
