A.

Lessor does hereby lease to Lessee, and Lessee hereby leases from Lessor the following premises, being
more particularly described as follows:

Three Thousand Six Hundred Ninety (1690) square feet located in the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property as shown on the plat attached hereto as
Schedule A and having the dimensions set forth thereon. Schedule A and
having the dimensions set forth thereon. Said Premises has municipal
addresses of 111 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506.

Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including
the building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or warranty by
Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition
of the Premises.

Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any
purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with
requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined
its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee
hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and existing
conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased
to, and accepted by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes
the risk that its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by
its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts
the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and each
and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as sales and repair business for sewing machines
and related items and general office space, and Lessee agrees that any change in the use of the Premises shall

require the prior written consent of the Lessor.

The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as:

Lessor’s Initials

4
(
Lessee’s Initials
Page 2 of 30
