payable monthly as provided herein; and

4. Total Monthly Rental Payment Amount for months one (1) through sixty-five (65) of the Initial

Verm for the Premises shall be calculated as follows: See Schedule G

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, beginning in the second year of the Initial
Term, Lessor may, if, in Lessor’s discretion, the same is necessary to cover an increase in Taxes and
Insurance charges, increase the amount of the Common Area Maintenance Charges and/ot Taxes and

after by providing written notice of the same to the

Insurance Charges for any calendar year ther
Lessee; provided, however that any such increase shall not exceed the prior calendar year actual
Common Area Maintenance Charges and/or Taxes and Insurance Charges by more than five percent

5. Payment of Rent. The monthly payment of the Base Rent and Additional Rent for the Premises
(collectively, the “Total Monthly Rental Payment’) shall be due on the first day of each calendar
month. The Lessor and Lessee hereby acknowledge and agree that the Lessee shall be obligated to make

monthly Additional Rent payments beginning with the Commencement Date.

In the event the Lessor does not receive the Total Monthly Rental Payment on or before the fifth day
of the calendar month, a late fee in the fixed amount of $100.00 plus a daily charge beginning on the
sixth day of the calendar month in the amount of $25.00 per day shall be charged and shall be due and
payable by the Lessee for cach late payment.

All rental payments due hereunder shall be made to the Lessor by mailing the same to PO Box 62230,
Lafayette, LA 70596 ot such other place, as the Lessor shall designate in writing. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Lessor shall have the tight to require at any time during the Initial Term that the Total
Monthly Rental Payment and any other payments due to Lessor be paid to Lessor via electronic funds
transfer, automatic wire transfer, ACH payment transfer, or other automated electronic payment
method for deposit into and credit to a bank account designated in writing by Lessor.

Lessee shall fill out the ACH Agreement attached to as Schedule F

Section 5.01 - Real Property Taxes:

¢ shall be responsible for and shall pay before delinquency, its Pro Rata Portion of all real property taxes and
sents levied and assessed against the Premises, and shall make such payment in accordance with paragraph

4.01(B) hereof.

Section 6.01 - Personal Property Taxes:

Lessee shall be responsible for and shall pay, before delinquency, all taxes, assessments, license fees, and other charges
that are levied and assessed against Lessee’s personal property installed or located in or on the Premises, and that

become payable during the Initial Term or any renewal thereof,

Section 7.01 - Limitations on Use:

Lessee shall not do, bring or keep anything in or about the Premises that will cause the cancellation of any insurance:
-ring the Premises. If the rate of any insurance carried by Lessor is increased, as a result of Lessee's use, Lessee

Ni

cov
shall reimburse Lessor for the amount of such increase.

Lessor's Initials Page 4 of 28 Lessee’ Initials

