DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F5E21F8-8A4D-4EFE-89FB-AB200F43B712

4. The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be performed without demand by Lessor and
shall be unconditional and without regard to any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal
or equitable discharge of a surety or a guarantor. Guarantor hereby waives the benefit of all principles or
provisions of law, statutory or otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms of this Guaranty and
agrees that Guarantor’s obligations shall not be affected by any circumstances, whether or not referred to in
this Guaranty, which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a surety or a guarantor.
Guarantor hereby waives the benefits of any right of discharge under any and all statutes or other laws relating
fo guarantors or sureties and any other rights of sureties and guarantors thereunder. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Guarantor hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, diligence in
collecting by the Lessor, presentment, demand for payment, protest, all notices with respect to the Lease and
this Guaranty which may be required by statute, rule of law or otherwise to preserve Lessor’s tights against
Guarantor under this Guaranty, including notice of acceptance, notice of any amendment of the Lease, notice
of the occurrence of any default under the Lease, notice of dishonor and notice of protest. Guarantor also
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all rights to require Lessor to (a) proceed against Lessee (b)
proceed against or exhaust any collateral held by Lessor to secure the performance of Lessee under the Lease,
or (c) pursue any other remedy it may now or hereafter have against Lessee. In addition, Guarantor waives the
benefit of any right of discharge under Louisiana law and all other rights of sureties and guarantors thereunder.

5, At any time or from time to time and any number of times, without notice to Guarantor and without
affecting the liability of Guarantor, (a) the time for payment of the amounts due under the Lease may be
extended or the Lease may be renewed in whole or in part; ot (b) the time for Lessee’s performance of or
compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the Lease, whether presently existing or hereinafter
entered into, may be extended or such performance or compliance may be waived.

6 Guarantor shall have no right of, and hereby waives any claim for, subrogation or reimbursement
against Lessee by reason of any payment by Guarantor under this Guaranty, whether such right or claim arises
at law of in equity ot under any contract or statute, until all amounts due under the Lease have been paid in
full and there has expired the maximum possible period thereafter during which any payment made by Lessee
to Lessor with respect to the Lease could be deemed a preference under the United States Bankruptcy Code.

7. Ifany payment by Lessee is held to constitute a preference under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
or similar laws, or if for any other reason Lessor is required to refund any sums to Lessee, such refund shall
not constitute a release of any liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty. It is the intention of Lessor and
Guarantor that Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty shall not be discharged except by Guarantor’s

performance of such obligations and then only to the extent of such performance.

8. Guarantor shalll from time to time, upon request by Lessor, deliver to Lessor such financial statements
as Lessor may reasonably require.

9, Lessor may assign its rights under this Guaranty in whole or in part and, upon any such assignment, all
the terms and provisions of this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of such assignee to the extent so assigned.

DS__-—pg

wn [UR

Lessor's Initials _y Page 34 of 37

