Lessee shall not burn any trash or garbage of any kind in or about the Premises, the Shopping C
or within one mile of the outside property lines of the Shopping Center.

Lessee and Lessee’s employees shall park their cars only in those parking areas designated for that
purpose by Le

or.

ve to other
employees, agents, servants, customers or invitees.

Lessee shall not make noises, cause disturbances, or create odors, which may be offens
tenants of the Shopping Center or their office!

Lessee shall not place any type or kind of electrical power extension cord or light fixture outside of the
Premises. The Lessee shall use only UL approved, ground faulted power strips to facilitate electrical
power sources within the Premises.

ce shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, hang or causc to be hung, any banner,
sign, display or any other items of any kind outside of the Premises (including the lattice which is part
of the building in which the Premises is located).

Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, stand, erect, construct or otherwise
place any display ot any other thing of any kind whatsoever in front of the Premises.

Lessce shall make a reasonable effort to cause it’s business operation located within the Premises to be
open for business a minimum of five (5) days per each calendar week, Monday through and including
Friday. In addition, such business operation shall be open during those days at least from 10:00 a.m.
each day to 5:00 p.m. each day. Nothing contained herein shall prevent the Lessee from opening for
business on Saturday or Sunday of each calendar week.

In the event the Lessee displays any clock or other time keeping device on the Premises which is visible
from the exterior, the same shall be maintained in a manner to display the accurate time at all times,
including the adjustment of such time to reflect daylight savings time and standard ame and to
compensate for any powet outages which may have affected such clock or time keeping device.

In the event the Lessee displays or otherwise employs a sign which is lighted by electrical current or
otherwise, then the Lessee shall ensure that such signs are lighted as of dusk each day (adjusted for
seasonal changes in such time) and remain lighted until midnight each day.

Lessee shall cause its name and address to be placed on the rear door of the Premises and shall, at its
own expense, provide for security lighting to be placed on or about the rear door, which security lighting
shall remain illuminated all night, every night.

Lessor’s x” if
Lessee’s Initials ( y a
Page 27 of 30
