DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F5E21F8-8A4D-4EFE-89FB-AB209F438712

IV. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS,

4.0 Lessee shall remain liable to Lessor for all of its obligation under the Lease, notwithstanding any
assignment of the Lease to Franchisor. Franchisor shall be entitled to recover from Lessee all amounts it pays
to Lessor to cure Lessee’s defaults under the Lease, including interest and reasonable collection costs.

4.1 Prior to taking possession of the Premises pursuant to its rights under this Rider to Lease, Franchisor will
cure the defaults specified by Lessor and execute and deliver to Lessor an a: mption of the Lessee right and
obligation under the Lease. Franchisor will pay, perform and be bound by all of the duties and obligations of
the Lease applicable to Lessee, except that Franchisor may elect not to assume or be bound by the terms of any
amendment to the Lease executed by Lessee without obtaining Franchisor’s prior written approval, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld.

4.2 After Franchisor assumes Lessee’s interest in the L se, Franchisor will not be subject to any provision
of the Lease that requires the Lessee to continuously operate a business in the Premises during any period that
the business in the Premises is closed for remodeling or while the Franchisor is seeking to obtain and train a
new franchisee to operate a franchised business in the Premises.

4.3. After Franchisor assumes Lessee’s interests in the Lease, Franchisor may, without Lessor’s consent, sublet
the Premises to a franchisee of Franchisor provided the Franchisor remains primarily liable under the Lease.

44 After Franchisor assumes Lessee’s interest in the Lease, Franchisor may, assign this Lease so long as
Franchisor remains liable for the payment of rent and the performance of Lessee’s duties and obligations under
the Lease. Franchisor may also, with the prior written consent of Lessor, assign without recourse its rights
under the Lease. Lessor shall not unrez sonably withhold its consent to an assignment to a franchisee of
Franchisor who meets Franchisor’s financial qualification requirements. Upon receipt by Lessor of an
assumption agreement in form reasonably satisfactory to Lessor pursuant to which such franchisee agrees to
assume the Lease and to observe the terms, conditions and agreements on the part of Lessce to be performed
under the Lease, Franchisor shall be released from all liability as Lessee under the Lease accruing after the date
of the effective date of the assignment.

4.5 If the Lease or Franchise Agreement for the Premises is terminated and Franchisor does not exercise its
option to assume the Lease, Lessee agrees, upon written demand by Franchisor, to promptly remove signs,
décor and other items which Franchisor reasonably requests be removed as being distinctive and indicative of
Franchisor’s trademarks and trade dress. Franchisor may enter upon the Premises without being guilty of
trespass or tort to effect such de-identification if Lessee fails to do so within ten (10) days after receipt of written
demand from Franchisor. Lessee shall pay Franchisor for its reasonable cost and expenses in effecting de-
identification. Franchisor shall defend, indemnify and hold Lessor harmless from and against any claims arising
from Franchisor’s de-identification of the Premises.

4.6 BY EXECUTING THIS RIDER TO THE LEASE, FRANCHISOR DOES NOT HEREBY ASSUME.
ANY LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE PREMISES OR ANY OBLIGATION AS LESSEE UNDER
THE LEASE, UNLESS AND UNTIL FRANCHISOR PRESSLY ASSUMES SUCH LIABILITY
AND/OR OBLIGATION, AS HEREINABOVE DESCRIBED.

4.7 Allnotices hereunder shall be delivered by certified mail to the addresses described in the Lease or to such
other address as any party hereto may, by written notice instruet that notices be given. In the case of Franchisor,

7 =
vas aa age 300637 veswee'sintits (AR [OAR

