and having the dimensions set forth thereon. Said Premises has a municipal
address of 113 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506.

B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises,
including the building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or
warranty by Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be

responsible for the condition of the Premises.

Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for
any purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges
that it has inspected the Premise:

, observed the physical characteristics, determined the
compliance with requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over
the Premises, and examined its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct
such investigation and study on and of the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use
and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee hereby waives any and all objections to or
complaints about the physical characteristics and existing conditions of the Premises. Lessee
further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased to, and accepted by Lessee
in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes the risk that its
adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by its
inspection or investigation of the Premi By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee
accepts the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the
s any and all

Premises and each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waivi
defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

see during the term hereof as a retail specialty food company selling
boards and related products and services and general office space and

pte prepared cheese, che
Lessee agrees that any change in the use of the Premises shall require the prior written consent of the
Lessor. Lessee acknowledges and agrees that:

(i) The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as a
delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or

whose primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or
more of said items; and

(ii) | The Premises shall not be us
veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.

d during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as a

Piast
Lessor’s Initials (
Lessee’s Initials iz

Page 2 of 29
