Obligations, the Lessee shall commence construction upon the later of and shall
complete same on or before 150 days from the date of commencement of the
construction of the Additional Improvements (“Construction Completion
Date”). For purposes of this Agreement, “completion of construction” shall
mean the certification by the architect inspecting the construction that the work
outlined in the Lessee’s Plans and Specifications is substantially complete, less
and except minor “punch list” type items and that the Premises is suitable for
occupancy by the Lessee.

The Additional Improvements shall be constructed by the Lessee in accordance with all
applicable local, state and federal laws, regulations and building codes. The Lessee
shall not cause or permit any mechanic’s lien or other lien to recorded against the
Premises in connection with the construction of the Additional Improvements and the
Lessee hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Lessor harmless and defend the Lessor
from and against any such lien or claim or liability of any kind whatsoever arising, out
of, in connection with or related to, directly or indirectly, to the construction of the
Additional Improvements.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as a full service deli restaurant to
include the serving and sale of soups, salads, sandwiches, heart healthy food items, alcoholic
and non alcoholic beverages and all other related food items and services, including such items
that are typically served by other Jason’s deli restaurants. The foods sold will be for on and
offsite consumption and will include sales of outside catering and delivery of such catering
items. Sales shall include the sale of alcoholic beverage. Provided however, the sale of
alcoholic beverages shall be conditional upon the Lessee, at its sole cost and expense, obtaining
all requisite state, local and federal licenses and permits for the sale of alcoholic beverages.
Further, the Lessee shall at all times comply with all state, local and federal laws, regulations
and ordinances governing the sale of alcoholic beverage to the public and Lessee agrees that
any change in the use of the Premises shall require the prior written consent of the Lessor.

Section 3.01 - Term:

The term of this Agreement shall commence One Hundred Fifty (150) days from the date of
commencement of the-construction of the Additional Improvements as set forth in Section 1.0L,
of this Agreement ("Commen it Date") and shall expire at midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana
Shae othe Inst ay of the month which is One Hundred Twenty (120) months from the first
day of the month immediately following the month in which the Commencement Date occurs
("Initial Term"). Further provided, in the event the Commencement Date is on the first day ofa

month, then the Initial Term shall expire at midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time on the last day
of the month which is One Hundred Twenty (120) months from the Commeycement Date.

Lessor's Initial JE

Lessee’s Initi

CALEASES\LAFAYETTE\Lease Agreement.doc Page 4 of 37
