N

Common Area Maintenance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessce’s Pro Rata
Portion of the Common Area (as hereinafter defined) maintenance charges (“Common Area
Maintenance Charges”). The Common Area Maintenance Charges shall mean the aggregate
of all costs and expenses payable by Lessor in connection with the operation and maintenance
of the Common Area in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including but not limited to
landscaping costs, parking arca maintenance costs (including repairing, resurfacing, cleaning and
stziping), utility costs (including water, sewer, electricity and gas),
safety systems costs, electronic monitoring s

curity system costs, life and
sation (including employment
and benefits) of all persons who perform duties connected with the operation and
maintenance of the Common Area and any other reasonable costs incurred by the Lessor with
respect to the Common Area and not otherwise reimbursed by the Lessee hereunder. Common
Area shall mean all areas, space, equipment and special services provided by the Li
common ot joint use and benefit of the Lessee and other tenants, their employe

stem costs, compel
taxes

sor for the
, agents,
servants, suppliers, customers and other invitees, including but not limited to retaining walls,
fences, landscaped areas, parking areas, curbs, driveways, sidewalks, private roads, green spaces,
landscape areas, patios, service areas and all common ateas and other areas all as shown on the
site plan attached hereto as Svhedvle B

Tax and Insurance Charges. ‘Ihe Lessee shall pay to the Lessor the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion
of the annual charges incurred by the Lessor for tax
Shopping Center Property (“Taxes and Insurance Charges”). Tax charges shall include all
real property taxes, personal property taxes, improvement bonds and other charges or
assessments which are levied upon or with respect to the Boulevard Shopping Center Property,
including any increase in such taxes or a reassessment of the value of the Boulevard Shopping
Center Property, license fees, or other taxes or fees levied in connection with the Lessor's leasing
or rental of the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, but shall not include any federal or state
income tax imposed upon the Le:
obtained by the Lessor in connection with the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including
but not limited to fire, casualty and liability insurance policies.

s and insurance coverage for the Boulevard

x. Insurance charges shall include the cost of any insurance

Payment of Additional Rent, Beginning on May 1, 2024 , and continuing on the first day of
each calendar month thereafter, the Lessee shall pay to the I. s Additional Rent, one
twelfth of the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Common Area Maintenance Charges and one
twelfth of the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Taxes and Insurance Charges as set forth herein.

Sor,

‘The parties agree that the Common Area Maintenance Charges for the period beginning on
May 1, 2024 is $2.10 per square foot of the Premises annually, payable monthly as provided
herein. ‘The parties agree that the axes Charges for the period beginning on May 1, 2024 per
square foot of the Premises annually, payable monthly as provided herein. The patties agree that
the Insurance Charges for the period beginning on May 1, 2024 is $1.95 per square foot of the
Premises annually, payable monthly as provided herein

Lessor’s Initials

Page 4 of 30 Lessee’s Initials

ZB.
