B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including
the building and improvements, in their present state and without any representation or warranty by
Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition
of the Premises.

(on Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any
purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed their physical characteristics, determined their compliance with
requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and
examined their existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and
study on and of the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this
Agreement. Lessee hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical
characteristics and existing conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that
the Premises are being leased to, and accepted by Lessee in their present condition “AS IS” with all
faults, and Lessee hereby assumes the tisk that their adverse physical characteristics and existing
conditions may not have been revealed by its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking
possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the
same are leased, and accepts the Premises and each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said
acts, waives any and all defects therein.

D. _ Lessee, atts sole cost and expense shall renovate Premises 1 with the same quality, professionalism,
and attention to detail as Lessee renovated Premises 2. Lessee agrees to consult and inform Lessor
throughout this process so both parties are in agreement regarding the location and type of materials
used for renovating Premises 1. Lessee shall have the right to various signage opportunities and
exposure opportunities and because the exact size and location of all of them can not be precisely
determined at this time, Lessee agrees to consult and inform Lessor throughout signage process so
both parties are in agreement regarding the location and type of Lessee signage. Lessee agrees that
causing Premises 1 to be renovated to the high standard discussed by Lessor and Lessee is a material
inducement for Lessor to enter into this Agreement.

Section 2.01- Use:

Premises 1 and Premises 2 shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as a retail boutique for the sale of
items including, but not limited to clothing, gifts, accessories, home goods, monogrammed and/or
personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry. Lessee agrees that any change in the
use of Premises 1 and/or Premises 2 shall require the prior written consent of the Lessor which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld

The Pink Paisley Use Rights: Subject to the provisions of Section 2 and/or this Agreement, and provided
that: (a) this Lease Agreement has not been terminated; (b) Lessee is not in default of this Lease beyond
applicable notice and cure periods; (c) Lessee opens to the public at the Premises for the permitted Use,
Lessor agrees that it shall not voluntarily enter into any lease agreement giving a third party the right to
operate in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, a business whose primary business would be a retail gift
store selling items which are the same or similar to that of The Pink Paisley and which includes the sale of

clothing, gifts, accessories, home goods, monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home

decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.
The prohibition against primarily engaging as a retail gift store selling items which are ya or similar to

Lessor’s Initials Ca
Lessee’s win AN

Page 2of 29
