DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F5E21F8-8A4D-4EFE-89FB-AB200F43B712

B. Additional Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as additional rent
(“Additional Rent”), the following amounts.

L. Common Area Maintenance Charges. ‘I'he Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessce’s Pro Rata
Portion of the Common Area (as hereinafter defined) maintenance charges (“Common Area
Maintenance Charges”). ‘The Common Area Maintenance Charges shall mean the aggregate
of all costs and expenses payable by Lessor in connection with the operation and maintenance
of the Common Area in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including but not limited to
landscaping costs, parking area maintenance costs (including repairing, resurfacing, cleaning and
striping), utility system costs, life and
safety systems costs, electronic monitoring system costs, compensation (including employment
taxes and benefits) of all persons who perform duties connected with the operation and
maintenance of the Common Area and any other reasonable costs incurred by the Lessor with
respect to the Common Area and not otherwise reimbursed by the Lessee hereunder. Common
Area shall mean all areas, space, equipment and special services provided by the Lessor for the
common or joint use and benefit of the Lessee and other tenants, their employees, agents,
servants, suppliers, customers and other invitees, including but not limited to retaining walls,

costs (including water, sewer, electricity and gas), security

fences, landscaped arcas, parking areas, curbs, driveways, sidewalks, private roads, green spaces,
landscape areas, patios, service areas and all common areas and other areas all as shown on the

site plan attached hereto as Sebedule B

Tax and Insurance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion
of the annual charges incurred by the Lessor for taxes and insurance coverage for the Boulevard
Shopping Center Property (“Taxes and Insurance Charges”). ‘Tax charges shall include all
real property taxes, personal property taxes, improvement bonds and other charges or
as:

nents which are levied upon or with respect to the Boulevard Shopping Center Property,
including any increase in such taxes or a reassessment of the value of the Boulevard Shopping
Center Property, license fees, or other taxes or fees levied in connection with the Lessor's leasing
of rental of the Boulevatd Shopping Center Property, but shall not include any federal ot state

income tax imposed upon the Lessor. Insurance charges shall include the cost of any insurance
obtained by the Lessor in connection with the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including
but not limited to fire, casualty and liability insurance policies.

Payment of Additional Rent. Beginning on February 1, 2024 , and continuing on the first day
of each calendar month thereafter, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as Additional Rent, one
twelfth of the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the Common Arca Maintenance Charges and one

twelfth of the Lessee’s Pro Rata Portion of the ‘I'axes and Insurance Charges as set forth herein.

‘The parties agree that the Common Area Maintenance Charges for the period beginning on
March 1, 2024 is $2.10 per square foot of the Premises annually, payable monthly as provided

7
Lessor’s Initials) Page 4 of 37 Lessee’s Initials Ute wy as

