Section 3.01 - Term:

The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 1, 2021 (“Commencement Date”) and shall
expire at midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time on April 30, 2024 (“Initial Term”).

Section 4.01 - Rent:

A. Premises Base Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Le:
rent for the Premises, which is calculated as follows:

or a monthly base

Lease Month 1- 4 $0.00 per square foot of the Premise
annually, payable monthly ($0.00 per month)

Lease Months 4-40 $13.00 per square foot of the Premise
annually, payable monthly ($2,823.17. per
month)
B. Additional Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as additional rent

(“Additional Rent”), the following amounts.

1. Common Area Maintenance Charges. ‘The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessee’s Pro Rata
Portion of the Common Area (as hereinafter defined) maintenance charges (“Common Area
Maintenance Charges”). The Common Area Maintenance Charges shall mean the aggregate
of all costs and expenses payable by Lessor in connection with the operation and maintenance
of the Common Area in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including but not limited to

landscaping c: parking area maintenance costs (including repairing, resurfacing, cleaning
and striping), utility costs (including water, sewer, electricity and gas), security system costs, life
and safety systems costs, electronic monitoring system costs, compensation (including
employment taxes and benefits) of all persons who perform duties connected with the

operation and maintenance of the Common Area and any other reasonable costs incurred by

the Lessor with respect to the Common Area and not otherwise reimbursed by the Lessee
hereunder. Common Area shall mean all areas, space, equipment and special services provided
by the Lessor for the common or joint use and benefit of the Lessee and other tenants, their

employees, agents, servants, suppliers, customers and other invitees, including but not limited
to retaining walls, fences, landscaped areas, parking areas, curbs, driveways, sidewalks, private
roads, green spaces, landscape areas, patios, setvice areas and all common areas and other areas
all as shown on the site plan attached hereto as Schedule B.

Lessor’s Initials CZ

Lessee’s Initials
Page 3 of 29
