A. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises, and subject to the
completion of the Lessor's construction obligations as set forth on Schedule B attached
hereto ("Lessor's Construction Obligation"), accepts the Premises, including the
building and improvements, in their present state except as set forth on Schedule B.
Lessor agrees that the Lessor’s Construction Obligation shall be performed and
completed in a good and workmanlike manner.

B. Intentionally Omitted.

Cc. Lessor warrants and covenants that upon execution of this Agreement the Lessor shall,
within a reasonable time submit the plans and specifications for the Lessor’s
Construction Obligation to the Lafayette Consolidated Government for approval
thereby and issuance of a building permit for the construction of the Lessor’s tl | ]02
Construction Obligation. Upon issuance of the building permit for the construction of
the Lessor’s Construction Obligation, the Lessor shall prepare to begin construction of
the Lessor’s Construction Obligation, but shall commence construction on or before
five (5) days from the date the Lessee notifies the Lessor in writing that the Lessee has
received a building permit on terms acceptable to the Lessee authorizing the
construction of the Additional Improvements (as hereinafter defined).

The Lessor shall diligently pursue the construction of the Lessor’s Construction
Obligation and shall complete same within sixty (60) days of the date the Lessor
commences construction of the Lessor’s Construction Obligation.

The Lessor acknowledges that the Lessee shall construct improvements in addition to
the Lessor’s Construction Obligation (“Additional Improvements”) and the Lessor and
Lessee agree that the scope and nature of the Additional Improvements are set forth on
Schedule B-1 attached hereto and made a part hereof. The Lessee shall be solely
responsible for the cost of the construction of the Additional Improvements, including,
but not limited to all architectural and engineering fees associated therewith. Provided
however, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Lessor hereby agrees to contribute to the
costs of the Additional Improvements the sum of Sixty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars
($60,000.00) (“Tenant Finish Allowance”), Further provided that the Lessor and
Lessee hereby agree that the Tenant Finish Allowance shall be due and payable only
upon completion of construction of the Additional Improvements in accordance with
the Lessee’s Plans and Specifications (as hereinafter defined) and that when due, the
Tenant Finish Allowance shall be received by the Lessee in the form of a monthly credit
toward the Base Rent (as hereinafter defined) payable by the Lessee to the Lessor in
accordance with Section 4.01 of this Agreement. The monthly credit towards the Base
Rent shall begin on the first day of the month following the date when the Tenant Finish
Allowance-become: tinu i amount of the
Tenant Finish Allowance has been reimbursed to the Lessee by such credits, Nopthjng

Lessor's Initials. ~ %

Lessee’s Initials.

CALEASES\LAFAYETTE\Lease Agreement.doc Page 2 of 37
