herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein,

and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby

acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows

SECTION A;
DEFINITIONS

I, GREEK EXPRESSIONS PERMITTED USE

“Greck Expressions shall be permitted to use the premises for the retail sale of clothing and related
items including, but not limited to the manufacturing, custom and pre-made sorority and fraternity
vifts, and novelty items, specifically including but limited to:

merchandise, apparel, accessorie:

i, Custom letter apparel (e.g. shirts, hats, jackets)

ii, Sorority/fraternity-specific gifts and accessories

iii, Embroidery and vinyl personalization
iv. Novelty items and décor featuring Greck symbols or chapter branding
¥. Custom embroidery, sercen printing, heat-press, vinyl, or monogramming services

on-site

Notwithstanding this limited waiver of Exclusive Use, Greek Expressions shall NOT be permitted to use
the premises for:

i, A delicatessen or restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason's Deli or
whose primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes;

A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats;

A retail boutique whose primary business is the sale of general home

goods, monogtammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware,
and jewelry;

iv. Any business operations that would primarily compete with Pink Paisley’s core business

model as defined below.

2. PINK PAISLEY EXCLUSIVE USE

As sct forth in the Pink Paisley Lease Agreement, Pink Paisley has the exclusive right to operate within
‘The Boulevard Shopping Center as a retail boutique for the sale of items including, but not limited to,
clothing, gilts, accessories, home goods, monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home
decorations, drinkware, and jewelry, with the specific prohibition that Lessor shall not voluntarily enter
into any lease agreement giving a third party the right to operate a business whose primary business would
be a retail gift store selling items which ate the same or similar to that of Pink Paisley.

SECTIO)
LIMITED WAIVER OF EXCLUSIVE USE RIGHTS:

1. SCOPE OF WAIVER
Pink Paisley hereby waives its exclusive use tights under the Pink Paisley Lease Agreement solely

clusively to the extent necessary t0 permit Greek Expressions to operate the Greck
ions Permitted Use as specifically defined in Section A hereof. This waiver extends only to
spressions and its Permitted Use and does not constitute a general waiver of Pink Paisley

-xclusive use rights towards any other current or future tenants of On The Blvd Shopping Center

2, LIMITATIONS AND CONDITIONS
‘This waiver is subject to the following limitations and conditions:
