SCHEDULE D
DESIGN CRITERIA FOR LESSEE SIGNS
AT THE BOULEVARD SHOPPING CENTER

Lessce’s sign or signs shall be store identity signs only, and must be placed on the exterior facade of the canopy
which covers the sidewalk in front of the Premises (the “Canopy”) in the atea designated for signs. No signs
shall be suspended from the underside of the facade, but may, subject to the approval of the Lessor, be
suspended from the underside of the Canopy.

No freestanding signs shall be permitted.
Lessee’s signage shall be manufactured by Universal Sign Company and be Individual Channel Illuminated
letters, interior light with single 12mm white neon, five and one-half (5 1%”) inch deep Channel letters using

.040 aluminum with bronze factory baked enamel finish, plastic facing, using 1” Jewelite gold ‘Itim cap

Letter style may be of the Lessee’s choice, subject to review and written approval by Lessor prior to the sign
order being placed with the company.

Lessee’s sign shall be limited to letters not to exceed twenty-six (26”) inches in height. The maximum length
of Lessee’s lettering may be 80% of the frontage of the Premises, but no letters shall be nearer than two (2”)
feet to either corner of the Premises. No exposed neon light shall be used on signs without Lessor’s prior
written approval.

All neon on interior of letters to be ULA8 specifications, PK housing, electrical conduit, etc. Letters to be
mounted on a raceway, shall not exceed store identity name with cabinet being a maximum eight (8”) inches
width and eight (8”) inches depth (transformers mounted in raceway); the raceway shall be painted the same
color of the building fascia to which it will be attached.

Lessee’s lettering on doors, windows or show windows may not be illuminated and may not exceed six (6°)
inches in height.

Lessee’s shall not employ paper signs to be applied to the interior or exterior faces of the store front glass or

other material. Lessee shall not employ any flashing action, moving action or audible signs.

Lessee’s sign shall be in accordance with ordinances of governing bodies having jurisdiction over the Shopping
Center, the Premises and/or the Les:

Lessee’s signs shall operate in a manner which automatically turns the sign(s) on at dusk and turns the sign(s)
off at 12:00 midnight each day.

Lessor’s Initials o Page 12 of 30 Lessee’s Initials WZ -
