GUARANTY

This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is entered into as of the Age day of Tune, 2022, by the

undersigned (the “Guarantor” whether one or more), for the benefit of BELLE REALTY OF
LAFAYETTE, L.L.C,, a Louisiana limited liability company (the “Lessor”).

RECITALS

A. THE PINK PAISLEY, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability company, whose mailing address during
the term of this Lease shall be 1216 N Dugas Road, Lafayette, Louisiana 70507, (the “Lessee”), has entered
into a certain Lease Agreement of even date herewith (“Lease”) by and between Lessor and Lessee, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.

B. Guarantor has an economic interest in Lessee or will otherwise obtain a material financial benefit
from the Lease.

on As a condition to entering into the Lease with Lessee, Lessor requires that the Guarantor execute this
Guaranty.

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Lessor to enter into the Lease with the Lessee, and in
consideration thereof, Guarantor agrees as follows:

1. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings assigned to them in
the Lease.
2. Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Lessor the full and

prompt payment when due, whether at maturity or earlier, and at all times until this Guaranty is terminated
or released under the terms hereof, and the full and prompt performance when due, of all of the following:

(a) The payment, by the Lessee, when due, of all amounts due under the Lease.

(b) The prompt performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the Lease
by the Lessee and the prompt performance by the Lessee of all of its obligations pursuant to
the terms and conditions of the Lease.

(c) _ Allcosts and expenses, including reasonable fees and out of pocket expenses of attomneys and expert
witnesses, incurred by Lessor in enforcing its tights under this Guaranty.

35 Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty constitute an unconditional guaranty of payment and
performance and not merely a guaranty of collection.

4, The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be performed without demand by Lessor and
shall be unconditional and without regard to any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal

Zo

Lessor’s Initials

Lessee’s Initial,
Page 26 of 29
