Lease Months 6-65 $16.00 per square foot of the Premises annually, payable
monthly ($2,556.00 per month)

B. Additional Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as additional
rent ("Additional Rent”), the following amounts.

1.

Common Area Maintenance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the
Lessee's Pro Rata Portion (as hereinafter defined) of the Common Area (as
hereinafter defined) maintenance charges ("Common Area Maintenance
Charges"). The Common Area Maintenance Charge shall mean the aggregate of
all costs and expenses payable by Lessor in connection with the operation and
maintenance of the Common Area in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property,
including but not limited to landscaping costs, parking area maintenance costs
(including repairing, resurfacing, cleaning and striping), utility costs (including
water, sewer, electricity and gas), security system costs, life and safety systems
costs, electronic monitoring system costs, compensation (including employment
taxes and benefits) of all persons who perform duties connected with the operation
and maintenance of the Common Area and any other reasonable costs incurred by
the Lessor with respect to the Common Area and not otherwise reimbursed by the
Lessee hereunder. Common Area shall mean all areas, space, equipment and
special services provided by the Lessor for the common or joint use and benefit of
the Lessee and other tenants, their employees, agents, servants, suppliers,
customers and other invitees, including but not limited to retaining walls, fences,
landscaped areas, parking areas, curbs, driveways, sidewalks, private roads, green
spaces, landscape areas, patios, service areas and all common areas and other
areas all as shown on the site plan attached hereto as Schedule B.

Tax and Insurance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessee's Pro
Rata Portion (as hereinafter defined) of the annual charges incurred by the Lessor
for taxes and insurance coverage for the Boulevard Shopping Center Property
(“Taxes and Insurance Charges”). Tax charges shall include all real property
taxes, personal property taxes, improvement bonds and other charges or
assessments which are levied upon or with respect to the Boulevard Shopping
Center Property, including any increase in such taxes or a reassessment of the
value of the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, licenses fees, or other taxes or
fees levied in connection with the Lessor's leasing or rental of the Boulevard
Shopping Center Property, but shall not include any federal or state income tax
imposed upon the Lessor. Insurance charges shall include the cost of any
insurance obtained by the Lessor in connection with the Boulevard Shopping
Center Property, including but not limited to fire, casualty and liability insurance
policies.

Payment of Additional Rent. The Lessee's Pro Rata Portion of the Common Area
Maintenance Charges and the Taxes and Insurance Charges to be paid monthly as

Lessee’s wins etic

‘RADetal 00 BackeABELLE REALTW\43.0- Fist Franklin Financia ease Agreement -Final doc Page 30f27

