Lessee and Lessee’s employees shall park their cars only in those parking areas designated for that purpose by

Lessor.

Lessee shall not make noises, cause disturbances, or create odors, which may be offensive to other tenants of
the Shopping Center or their officers, employees, agents, servants, customers or invitees.

Lessee shall not place any type ot kind of electrical power extension cord or light fixture outside of the Premises.
‘The Lessee shall use only UL approved, ground faulted power strips to facilitate electrical power sources within
the Premisi

Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, hang or cause to be hung, any banner, sign,
display or any other items of any kind outside of the Premises (including the lattice which is part of the building
in which the Premises is located).

Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, stand, erect, construct or otherwise place any
display or any other thing of any kind whatsoever in front of the Premises

Lessee’s business operation located within the Premises shall be open for business a minimum of five (5) days
per each calendar week, Monday through and including Friday. In addition, such business operation shall be
open during those days at least from 10:00 a.m. each day to 5:00 p.m. each day. Nothing contained herein shall
prevent the Lessee from opening for business on Saturday or Sunday of each calendar week. In the event the
Lessee’s business

operations do not, for any reason, remain open for retail business as set forth herein, the
Lessee shall be subject to a fine by the Lessor in any amount not to exceed $100.00 for each occurrence. Further
provided, in the event of five (5) or mote such occurrences within any twelve (12) month period, the Lessor
shall have the right, in addition to all other remedies contained herein to terminate this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Lessee shall not be obligated to be open for
business on the following holidays: New Years Day, Mardi Gras Day, Easter Sunday, Thanksgiving Day and
Christmas Day.

In the event the Lessee displays any clock or other time keeping device on the Premises which is visible from
the exterior, the same shall be maintained in a manner to display the accurate time at all times, including the
adjustment of such time to reflect daylight savings time and standard time and to compensate for any power
outages which may have affected such clock or time keeping device.

In the event the Lessee displays or otherwise employs a sign which is lighted by electrical current or otherwise,

then the Lessee shall ensure that such s

igns are lighted as of dusk each day (adjusted for seasonal changes in
such time) and remain lighted until midnight each day.

Lessce shall cause its name and address to be placed on the reat door of the Premises and shall, at its own
expense, provide for security lighting to be placed on or about the rear door, which security lighting shall remain
illuminated all night, every night.

Lessor’s Initials a
Lessee’s Initials cs
Page 23 of 27
