TOS06,

B Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including the
building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation of warranty by Lessor w hatever as to
the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition of the Premises.

c Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any purpose
or use whatsoever ot as to the physical conditions thercof. Lessee acknowledges that it has inspected the Premises,
observed the physical charactetistics, determined the compliance with requirements imposed by any governmental
agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to
conduct such investigation and study on and of the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy
under this Agreement. Lessee hereby waives any and all objections to or complaint
and existing conditions of the Premises. Iessce further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased
to, and accepted by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes the risk that
its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by its inspection or
investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts the Premises as suitable for the
purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee,
by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

about the physical characteristics

Section 2.01 - Use:
Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as the retail sale of clothing and related items including the

manuf:

cturing, custom and pre-made sorority and fraternity merchandise, apparel, accessories, gifts, and novelty
items, including but not limited to clothing and related products. Lessee may also offer custom embroidery, screen
printing, heat-press, vinyl, ot monogramming services on-site.. Le

‘ce agrees that any change in the use of Premises
shall requite the prior written consent of the Lessor.

The Premiss

shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as:

|\ delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or
whose primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or more
of said items.

it, A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.

ii, A retail boutique whose primary business is the sale of items including home goods,
monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.

iv. A retail boutique whose primary business is the sale of items including home goods,
monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.

Section 2.03 -— Waiver of Exclusive Use by The Pink Paisley, LL

Sce attached

Section 3.01 - Term:

‘The term of this Agreement shall commence on October 1, 2025 (“Commencement Date”) and shall expire at
midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time September 30, 2030, (“Initial Term”).

Lessor’s Initials Page 2 of 28 Lessee Initials YW

