5:

6.

shall be kept confidential between the Le:

Electric to perform all maintenance, repairs and replacements of the
electrical system and components servicing the Premises provided the rates
of both Butcher Air Conditioning and Magnon Electric are comparable to

other similar providers of HVAC and electrical service in the immediate
area.”

The Lessor and the Lessee hereby agree to amend Section 11.01- Utilities and Janitorial
Services of the Lease Agreement to now read in its entirety as follows:

“Lessee shall pay before same becomes delinquent, all utility and service
charges for utilities or services furnished to the Premises or used by the
Premises or the Lessee, including, without limitation, electricity, gas, water,
telephone service and trash collection. Lessee shall be responsible for
maintaining the Premises in accordance with the terms hereof and shall be
responsible for the payment of any costs or expense with respect to any
janitorial services provided to the Premises, and Lessee shall be responsible
for the trash or refuse disposal services to the trash or refuse generated by or
related to the Premises.

At the commencement of the Initial Term, Lessee shall immediately transfer
clectric utility service from the name of Lessor to the name of Lessee. If the
Lessee fails to immediately transfer electric utility service to the name of
Lessee, Lessor may, at its discretion, (i) direct the electric utility provider to
discontinue service to the Premises in Lessor’s name, or (ii) make electric utility
payments on behalf of Lessee and require that Lessee remit to Lessor full
reimbursement for such payments together with a $100.00 administrative fee
for each payment required to be made by Lessor.

Lessee shall not disconnect the electricity, gas or water at any time during the
term of this Agreement, including in anticipation of the termination of the
tenancy created herein. Upon termination of the tetm of this Agreement, or
in anticipation thereof, Lessee shall give Lessor reasonable written notice of
its intent to disconnect electricity, gas and/or water service. Upon receipt of
written notice to disconnect, Lessor may require, in its sole discretion, that
Lessee cooperate with Lessor and do all things necessary to allow such utilities
to be transferred into Lessor’s name prior to disconnection.”

Lessor’s Initials
nitials

sor and the Lessee hereby agree that the terms and conditions of this First Addendum
+ and Lessee and shall not be disclosed to any
other persons, including but not limited to any tenants or occupants of On The Boulevard
Shopping Center. ‘The Lessee acknowledges that the foregoing covenant of confidentiality
constitutes a portion of the consideration delivered to the Lessor to induce the Lessor to
