DocuSign Envelope ID: 4F5E21F8-8A4D-4EFE-89FB-AB209F43B712

1.1 Lessor will deliver possession of the Premises to Franchisor promptly after Lessor receives Franchisor’s
written notice exercising its option to assume the Lease. Franchisor, upon taking possession of the Premises,
will cure the defaults specified by Lessor and will execute and deliver to Lessor an assumption of the Lessee’s
tights and obligations under the Lease.

12 Franchisor will not be required to cure defaults and/or begin paying rent until Lessor delivers possession
of the Premises to Franchisor. If it becomes necessary for Lessor to pursue legal action in order to evict Lessee
and deliver possession of the Premises to Franchisor, Franchisor will, upon written request by Lessor, pay into
an escrow account with Lessor’s attorney, such amounts as are necessary to cure Lessce’s defaults, If Lessor is
unable to deliver possession of the Premises to Franchisor within nine (9) months after the date of Franchisor’s
exercise of its option to assume the Lease, Franchisor will have the right, at any time until Lessor delivers
possession of the Premises, to rescind the option exercise, by written notice to Lessor, whereupon all amounts
in escrow shall be returned to Franchisor.

IL LESSEE’S FAILURE TO EXTEND TO LEASE TERM.

2.0 Ifthe Lease contains the term renewal or extension right(s) and if Lessce allows the term to expire without
exercising said right(s), Lessor will give Franchisor written notice thereof, and Franchisor will have the right
and option to exercise the Lessee’s renewal or extension right(s) on the same terms and conditions as are
contained in the Lease by giving written notice to Lessor within thirty (30) days of receipt of Lessor’s notice, If
Franchisor exercises such right(s) Lessor and Franchisor will promptly execute a lease assumption agreement
that will provide for Franchisor’s assumption of the Lease effective at the commencement of the extension or
renewal term.

Ill. TERMINATION OF A PRANCHISE AGREEM)

3.0 Franchisor will have the right and option to assume the Lease if any franchise agreement between
Franchisor and Lessee is terminated for any rcason during the term of the Lease. If any franchise agreement
between Franchisor and Lessee is terminated and Franchisor desires to assume the Lease it may give written
notice to Lessor requesting that Lessor specify any existing defaults by Lessee under the Lease. Within fifteen
(15) days after receipt of such notice, Lessor will give Franchisor written notice specifying any existing defaults
by Lessee under the Lease.

3.1 Ifany franchise agreement between Franchisor and Lessee is terminated, Lessee shall, within ten (10) days
after written demand by Franchisor, assign all of its right, title and interest in the Lease to Franchisor. If Lessee
fails to do so, Lessee hereby designates Franchisor as its agent to execute any and all documents, agreements
and to take all action that may be necessary or desirable to effectuate the assignment of the Lease and the
telinquishment of any and all of Lessce’s right there under. Lessor consents to such assignment, subject to
Franchisor executing as assumption of the Lease in form reasonably satisfactory to Lessor and curing all defaults
of Lessee under the Lease before taking possession of the Premises. Lessee further agrees to promptly and
peaceably vacate the Premises and to remove its personal property at the written request of Franchisor. Any
property not so removed by Lessee within ten (10) days following receipt of such written request shall be
deemed abandoned by Lessee.

3.2 Lessee agrees that termination of any franchise agreement for the Premis
be a default under the Lease.

) - rag
Lessor’s Initials Page 29 of 37 Lessee’ Initials & UR

s shall, at the option of Lessor,

