Three Thousand Five Hundred Sixty-Three square feet (3,563) located in the
Boulevard Shopping Center Property as shown on the plat attached hereto as
Schedule A and having the dimensions set forth thereon. Said Premises have a

municipal address of 123 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506
(hereinafter called “Premises”;

B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises, including
the building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or warranty by

Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition
of the Premises.

C. Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any
purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with
requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined
its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee
hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and existing
conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased
to, and accepted by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes
the risk that its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by
its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts
the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the Premises and
each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:
Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as a specialty clothing store specializing in the sale and
rental of ‘Iuxedos and related fashion accessories. Lessee agrees that any change in the use of Premises shall

require the prior written consent of the Lessor.

‘Lhe Premises shall be not be used during the Initial ‘lerm or any Renewal ‘erm hereof as:

i) A delicate
primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or more of said items.

‘n or other restaurant whose operations ate the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or whose

i) A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.
i

A retail boutique whose primary business is the sale of items including home goods, monogrammed
and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry.

Section 3.01 - Term:

Lessor ls we Page 2 of 30 Lessee’s Initials

GE
