DocuSign Envelope ID: F28BABD7-1347-4553-9227-F2E38B007A0A,

Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be responsible for the condition
of the Premises.

D. Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for any
purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges that it has
inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the compliance with

ed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over the Premises, and examined

its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems nec

requirements impc

sary for its intended use and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee
hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the physical characteristics and existing
conditions of the Premises. Lessee further acknowledges and agrees that the Premises is being leased
to, and accepted by Lessee in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes
the risk that its adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by
its inspection or investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts
the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and acce pts the Premises and each
and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as a retail and resale store selling clothing, shoes,
and fashion accessories as well as related services and products and general office space and Lessee agrees that

any change in the use thereof shall require the priot written consent of Lessor. In the event Lessoris considering
executing a lease agreement for space in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property with a potential tenant whose
primary business in the sale of gifts similar to those sold by Lessce would be in competition with Lessee, as
determined in Lessor’s reasonable discretion, Lessor shall give verbal notice to Lessee and agrees to discuss the
same with Lessee prior to executing any

uch Lease Agreement.

The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as:

i) .\ delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or whose
primary menu items are salads

oups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or more of said items.

ii) A veterinary clinic engaged primarily in the care and treatment of cats.
Section 3.01 - Term:

The term of this Agreement shall commence on August 1, 2023 (“Commencement Date”) and shall expire at
midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time on September 30, 2026 (“Initial Term”).

Section 4.01 - Rent:

Page 2 of 31 Lessor's Initials fy Lessee’s Initials

