Schedule A and having the dimensions set forth thereon. Said Premises has a
municipal address of 107 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506.

B. Lessee warrants and represents that it has inspected the Premises and accepts the Premises,
including the building and improvements, in its present state and without any representation or
warranty by Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor shall not be
responsible for the condition of the Premi

Cc. Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises for
any purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical conditions thereof. Lessee acknowledges
that it has inspected the Premises, observed the physical characteristics, determined the
compliance with requirements imposed by any governmental agency having jurisdiction over
the Premises, and examined its existing conditions, and has had the opportunity to conduct
such investigation and study on and of the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use
and occupancy under this Agreement. Lessee hereby waives any and all objections to or
complaints about the physical characteristics and ing conditions of the Premises.
further acknowledges and agtees that the Premises is being leased to, and accepted by Les
in its present condition “AS IS” with all faults, and Lessee hereby assumes the risk that its
adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by its
inspection ot investigation of the Premises. By taking possession of the Premises, Lessee
accepts the Premises as suitable for the purpose for which the same is leased, and accepts the
Premises and each and every acceptance thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all
defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof for the operation of a Great American
Cookie Franchise and a Hershey’s Ice Cream Franchise including, but not limited to the retail sale of
des: ice cream and cookie cakes and rtclated items and general office and general office space and
Lessee agrees that any change in the use of the Premises shall require the prior written consent of the
Lessor which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, Lessee shall be entitled without
Lessor’s consent to change the usage of the Premises from the operation of a Hershey’s Ice Cream
franchise to the operation of a Marble Slab Creamery franchise. Lessee acknowledges and agrees that:

(i) ‘The Premises shall be not be used during the Initial Term or any Renewal Term hereof as a
delicatessen or other restaurant whose operations are the same or similar to a Jason’s Deli or
whose primary menu items are salads, soups, sandwiches, and baked potatoes or any one or
mote of said items; and

Lessor's Initials :

Lessee’s Initials yf

Page 2 0f 30
