that of The Pink Paisley and which includes the sale of clothing, gifts, accessories, home goods,
monogrammed and/or personalized items, candles, home decorations, drinkware, and jewelry shall not apply
to: (a) any Lessee or successor to Lessee whose lease, including any renewal or extension, is in effect prior to
the Effective Date; (b) any business who manufactures goods and which monograms or personalizes said
goods; (c) any business whose primary use is that of a high end jewelry store.

Should any other Lessee or occupant at the Shopping Center violate the exclusive use rights granted to Lessee
by this Section, Lessor shall take all reasonable and prudent actions necessary ot desirable to be taken to cause
the offending Lessee or occupant to cease its violation. Should, within a reasonable time after Lessee has
given Lessor notice of an alleged breach thereof by such other Lessee or occupant, Lessor fail to proceed as
provided in the previous sentence, Lessee, as its sole remedy, may proceed against that Lessee or occupant, in
its own name, and at its own expense, to obtain injunctive relief against the offending Lessee and/or to
obtain monetary damages from the offending Lessee or occupant, unless Lessor has failed to include Lessee’s
exclusive in the offending Lessee’s lease, in which case Lessee may proceed against Lessor. Lessor agrees to
cooperate with Lessee in any such action, but Lessee shall reimburse Lessor for any out-of-pocket expense
incurred by Lessor in so doing.

Section 3.01- Term:

The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 1, 2022 (“Commencement Date”) and shall expire at
midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time on February 28, 2027 (“Initial Term”).

Section 4.01- Rent:

A. Premises 1 and Premises 2 Base Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a

monthly base rent for Premises 1 and Premises 2, which is calculated as follows:

Lease Months 1-8 $0.00 per month
$0.00 per square foot of the Premises annually,
payable monthly.
Lease Months 9-68 $12,699.57 permonth
$15.35 per square foot of the Premises annually,
payable monthly.
C. Additional Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, as additional rent

(“Additional Rent’), the following amounts.

1. Common Area Maintenance Charges. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor, the Lessee’s Pro
Rata Portion of the Common Area (as hereinafter defined) maintenance charges (“Common
Area Maintenance Charges”). The Common Area Maintenance Charges shall mean the
aggregate of all costs and expenses payable by Lessor in connection with the operation and
maintenance of the Common Area in the Boulevard Shopping Center Property, including but
not limited to landscaping costs, parking area maintenance costs (including repairing,
resurfacing, cleaning and striping), utility costs (including water, sewer, clectricity and gas),
security system costs, life and safety systems costs, electronic monit ring system costs,

Lessor’s Initials

Lessee’s Initials,
Page 3 of 29
