GUARANTY

‘This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is entered into as of the __[ 5 day of 2021, by the undersigned

(the “Guarantor” whether one or mote), for the benefit of BELLE REALTY OF LAFAYETTE, L.L.C., a Louisiana
limited liability company (the “Lessor”).

RECITALS

A. LOLA PINK FABRICS, LLC, a Louisiana limited liability d/b/a Bernina Lafayette, whose current mailing
address is whose current mailing address is 111 Arnould Boulevard, Lafayette, Louisiana 70506, (the “Lessee”), has

entered into a certain Lease Agreement of even date herewith (“Lease”) by and between Lessor and Lessee, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A

B. Guarantor has an economic interest in Lessee or will otherwise obtain a material financial benefit from the Lease.

Cc. As a condition to entering into the Lease with Lessee, Lessor requires that the Guarantor execute this Guaranty.

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce Lessor to enter into the Lease with the Lessce, and in consideration thereof,
Guarantor agrees as follows

1. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Lease

2) Guarantor hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to Lessor the full and prompt payment
when due, whether at maturity or earlier, and at all times until this Guaranty is terminated or released under the terms
hereof, and the full and prompt performance when due, of all of the following:

(a) ‘The payment, by the Lessee, when due, of all amounts due under the Lease.

(b) ‘The prompt performance of or compliance with any covenant or agreement contained in the Lease by the
Lessee and the prompt performance by the Lessee of all of its obligations pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Lease.

(c) and expenses, including reasonable fees and out of pocket expenses of attorneys and expert
ses, incurred by Lessor in enforcing its rights under this Guaranty.
3. Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty constitute an unconditional guaranty of payment and performance

and not merely a guaranty of collection.

4, ‘The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be performed without demand by Lessor and shall be
unconditional and without regard to any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable
discharge of a surety or a guarantor. Guarantor hereby waives the benefit of all principles or provisions of law, statutory
ot otherwise, which are or might be in conflict with the terms of this Guaranty and agrees that Guarantor’s obligations
shall not be affected by any circumstances, whether or not referred to in this Guaranty, which might otherwise constitute

We

Lessor’s Initials

Lessee’s Initials

Page 27 of 30
