Premises, including the building and improvements, in their present state and without any
representation or warranty by Lessor whatever as to the condition of the Premises. Lessor
shall not be responsible for the condition of the Premises.

Lessor makes no covenant, representation or warranty as to the suitability of the Premises
for any purpose or use whatsoever or as to the physical condition thereof. Lessee
acknowledges that it has inspected the Premises, observed its physical characteristics,
determined its compliance with requirements imposed by any governmental agency
having jurisdiction over the Premises, except ADA restroom and water fountain
requirements, which Lessee agrees to bring up to current codes, and examined its existing
conditions and has had the opportunity to conduct such investigation and study on and of
the Premises as it deems necessary for its intended use and occupancy under this
Agreement. Lessee hereby waives any and all objections to or complaints about the
physical characteristics and existing conditions of the Premises. Lessee further
acknowledges and agrees that the Premises are being leased to, and accepted by Lessee in
its present condition "AS IS" with all faults and Lessee hereby assumes the risk that its
adverse physical characteristics and existing conditions may not have been revealed by its
inspection or investigation of the Premises; provided, however, that Lessor warrants that
all mechanicals, equipment and fixtures, including but not limited to electrical, plumbing
and HVAC systems exclusively serving the Leased Premises will be in good working
condition upon Lessee taking possession. Should any condition or insufficiency be found
during Lessee's renovation phase with respect to the foregoing, Lessee will notify Lessor
immediately and Lessor will take all actions necessary to correct the problem. By taking
possession of the Premises, Lessee accepts the Premises as suitable for the purpose for
which the same are leased and accepts the Premises and each and every acceptance
thereof and Lessee, by said acts, waives any and all defects therein.

Section 2.01 - Use:

The Premises shall be used by Lessee during the term hereof as offices for a consumer finance
company. Lessee agrees that any change in the use of the Premises shall require the prior written
consent of the Lessor.

Section 3.01 - Term:

The term of this Agreement shall commence on September 1, 2015 ("Commencement Date") and
shall expire at midnight, Lafayette, Louisiana time on January 31, 2021 (“Initial Term”).

Section 4.01 - Rent:

RiDatal 00 BeckeABELLE REALTY\143.0- Fist Frankin Fiancial ease Agrosment-Final doc

Base Rent. During the Initial Term, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor a monthly base
rent which is ("Base Rent"), which is calculated as follows:

Lease Months 1-5 $00.00 per square foot of the Premises annually,
payable monthly ($00.00 per month)

Lessee's vow he
Page 227

