Lessor.

Lessee shall not make noises, cause disturbances, or create odors, which may be offensive to other tenants of
the Shopping Center or their officers, employees, agents, servants, customers or invitees.

Lessee shall not place any type or kind of electrical power extension cord or light fixture outside of the

Premises. The Lessee shall use only UL approved, ground faulted power strips to facilitate electrical power
sources within the Premises.

Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the Lessor, hang or cause to be hung, any banner, sign,
display or any other items of any kind outside of the Premises (including the lattice which is part of the
building in which the Premises is located).

Subject to the provisions of the Lease Agreement. Lessee shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Lessor, stand, erect, construct or otherwise place any display or any other thing of any kind whatsoever in
front of the Premises.

Lessee’s business operation located within the Premises shall be open for business a minimum of five (5) days
per each calendar week, Monday through and including Friday. In addition, such business operation shall be
open during those days at least from 10:00 a.m. each day to 5:00 p.m. each day. Nothing contained herein
shall prevent the Lessee from opening for business on Saturday or Sunday of each calendar week. In the
event the Lessee’s business operations do not, for any reason, remain open for retail business as set forth
herein, the Lessee shall be subject to a fine by the Lessor in any amount not to exceed $100.00 for each
occurtence. Further provided, in the event of five (5) or more such occurrences within any twelve (12)
month period, the Lessor shall have the right, in addition to all other remedies contained herein to terminate
this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Lessee shall not be obligated
to be open for business on the following holidays: New Years Day, Mardi Gras Day, Easter Sunday,
Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.

In the event the Lessee displays any clock or other time keeping device on the Premises which is visible from
the exterior, the same shall be maintained in a manner to display the accurate time at all times, including the
adjustment of such time to reflect daylight savings time and standard time and to compensate for any power
outages which may have affected such clock or time keeping device.

In the event the Lessee displays or otherwise employs a sign which is lighted by electrical current or
otherwise, then the Lessee shall ensure that such signs are lighted as of dusk each day (adjusted for seasonal
changes in such time) and remain lighted until midnight each day.

Lessee shall cause its name and address to be placed on the rear door of the Premises and shall, at its own
expense, provide for security lighting to be placed on or about the rear door, which security lighting shall
remain illuminated all night, every night.

Lessee shall not, nor shall Lessee permit any of its employees, contractors, customers or invitees to, solicit
business or otherwise from any person or persons located on the Shopping Center property. Further, Lessee
shall not respond or otherwise encourage or facilitate the solicitation by any outside person or persons on the

Shopping Center property.

Lessor’s Initials

Lessce’s Initials
Page 23 of 29
